1 "braves beat astros 6 - 5 , set up atlanta finale houston ( reuters ) - adam laroche crushed a game - tying three - run homer and j.d. drew slapped a ninth - inning rbi single to give the braves a 6 - 5 comeback victory over the houston astros on sunday ."
3 how to take the perfect penalty a sports psychologist says how footballers should prepare themselves for the high - pressure penalties .
0 "aussie ruling party leads in election polls , but gap narrows the government of prime minister john howard had a narrow lead in opinion polls heading into the final week of campaigning ahead of the australian federal election , but the opposition labor party was narrowing the gap , according"
1 surrey poised to sign harbhajan surrey are waiting for approval from the board of control for cricket in india before announcing harbhajan singh as an overseas signing for 2005 .
1 "lokomotiv moscow captures league title moscow , russia ( sports network ) - lokomotiv moscow won the russian premier league championship on the final day of the season with a 2 - 0 victory over shinnik yaroslavl ."
1 british athletics appoint psychologist for 2008 olympics british athletics chiefs have appointed sports psychologist david collins as performance director to produce medal winners at the 2008 beijing olympics .
2 "spaniards to run luton airport after 551 m deal luton , cardiff and belfast international airports are to fall into the hands of a spanish toll motorways operator through a 551 m takeover of the aviation group tbi by a barcelona - based abertis infrastructure ."
0 "turkey unlikely to join eu before 2015 : commissioner verheugen ( afp ) afp - turkey is unlikely to join the european union before 2015 , eu enlargement commissioner guenter verheugen said in an interview ."
2 employees from 10 hotels locked out the san francisco multi - employer group announced this morning that it has locked out unite here local 2 employees from 10 hotels and staffed the vacated positions with replacement workers .
1 "venus gets revenge , mauresmo withdraws zurich , switzerland ( ticker ) - venus williams got a measure of revenge against karolina sprem of croatia at the swisscom challenge on tuesday ."
3 cisco to debut new router family internet hardware giant cisco systems is said to be preparing to launch a new family of routers that can manage both voice and data applications .
2 "vornado buys 4.3 pct . sears stake vornado realty trust said on friday it has acquired a 4.3 percent stake in the retailer sears , roebuck amp ; co .. sears # 39 ; stock rose as high as \$45 ."
3 "getting with the program microsoft , the behemoth redmond , wash. , software company lurking over the computing world , nov. 11 released a quot;beta , quot ; or test , version of its online search service ."
3 wonkette : blogs force quick action from major media plus : row brewing over peer - to - peer ads . news.com extra
1 anti - doping agency is boosted by ban of sprinter in balco case the united states anti - doping agency received an important validation yesterday in its attempt to punish athletes who were suspected of doping in the balco steroids scandal but who had not failed a drug test .
2 eisner says ovitz required oversight daily michael d. eisner appeared for a second day of testimony in the shareholder lawsuit over the lucrative severance package granted to michael s. ovitz .
3 cisco and microsoft partner for crm 8/24/2004 -- cisco systems yesterday announced a new customer relationship management ( crm ) communications connector for microsofts crm offering .
0 "uk can not hold suspects indefinitely ( officialwire ) -- 12/16/04 -- britain # 39;s highest court ruled thursday against holding terror suspects without trial , saying the government can not detain terror suspects indefinitely without trial ."
0 "employment picture expected to improve new york - a rash of job cuts - more than 10,000 layoffs just this week from a handful of companies - has created some gloom on the jobs front . but friday 's release of jobs data for september was expected to show a steady unemployment rate and creation between about 50,000 to 250,000 new jobs , though uncertainties such as the effects of last month 's hurricanes kept the estimates all over the map , said wachovia corp ..."
3 "tacoma weathers erp and crm ' perfect storm ' problems with a \$50 million - plus rollout of sap 's erp , crm and other business apps in the city of tacoma , wash. , have generated a storm of end - user complaints , bad press and a call for an independent audit of the situation ."
0 "court weighs legal rights of mich. poor ( ap ) ap - with backing from two - fifths of all states , michigan asked the supreme court on monday to whether a state can refuse to pay for appeals by indigent defendants who plead guilty to crimes ."
0 sudan remains defiant as time starts to run out britain has warned sudan that it still has a lot of work to do to satisfy the international community that it is tackling what the united nations has described as the worlds worst humanitarian crisis .
1 "warner to start for giants this week ( ap ) ap - kurt warner will start at quarterback for the new york giants this week , although his competition with rookie eli manning for the regular - season job continues ."
0 swedes beam poetry into outer space ( reuters ) reuters - swedish poets have broadcast their work into outer space by radio to give alien life forms -- if they exist -- a taste\of earthling literature .
2 casino owners team up in macao macao publishing amp ; broadcasting said tuesday that it had bought a stake in stanley ho # 39;s latest gambling project in macao as asia # 39;s two leading casino operators team up to expand in the region .
2 "big merger could box qwest in qwest communications may not be immediately affected by a sprint - nextel merger , but its options could become more limited . at one time , qwest and sprint were viewed as possible merger partners ."
3 "microsoft steals pda topspot windows ce has become the most popular pda operating system , passing the palm os for the first time . worldwide shipments of pdas using microsoft # 39;s system were just under"
3 "palmone treo 650 arrives the palmone treo 650 smartphone with high - resolution screen , bluetooth , swappable battery and extended multimedia capabilities was officially announced today ."
3 "microsoft takes lead in pda software microsoft corp. 's software platform for personal digital assistants took over the market lead from palmsource inc. for the first time in the third quarter , according to market research released friday ."
1 "brockton upset makes waltham 's day waltham -- paul mayberry was dripping , luis cotto was weeping , and alex russo was kneeling on the sideline ."
0 "restive maldives eases curfew after rounding up dissidents ( afp ) afp - a curfew in the capital of the maldives was eased but parliament sessions were put off indefinitely and emergency rule continued following last week 's riots , officials and residents said ."
3 "cray promotes two execs ly - huong pham becomes the supercomputer maker 's senior vice president of operations , and peter ungaro is made senior vice president for sales , marketing and services ."
2 "the next shock : not oil , but debt the american economic ship , which has weathered the recent run - up in crude oil prices , may be more vulnerable to sudden surges in the price of money ."
1 "no . 5 north carolina 63 , no . 24 villanova 56 the north carolina tar heels put their lackluster first half behind them . then they did the same to villanova . after scoring just 25 points in the first half , the no ."
2 "intel to delay product aimed for high - definition tvs san francisco -- in the latest of a series of product delays , intel corp. has postponed the launch of a video display chip it had previously planned to introduce by year end , putting off a showdown with texas instruments inc. in the fast - growing market for high - definition television displays ."
0 "hurricane ivan roars toward gulf coast new orleans - stragglers streamed toward higher ground wednesday on highways turned into one - way evacuation routes and surf started eroding beaches as hurricane ivan roared toward the gulf coast with 140 mph wind . nearly 200 miles wide , ivan could cause significant damage no matter where it strikes , as hurricane - force wind extended up to 105 miles out from the center ..."
1 "celtics put it together new york -- in the wake of a second straight fourth - quarter collapse friday night , coach doc rivers said , quot;it just does n't take a lot to distract us right now . quot ;"
0 "intel officials have bleak view for iraq washington - the national intelligence council presented president bush this summer with several pessimistic scenarios regarding the security situation in iraq , including the possibility of a civil war there before the end of 2005 . in a highly classified national intelligence estimate , the council looked at the political , economic and security situation in the war - torn country and determined that - at best - stability in iraq would be tenuous , a u.s ..."
1 new memories warm heart of this bosox fan is it really true ? did it really happen ? or was that just the figment of some boston red sox fanatic # 39;s wild imagination ? did the red sox really win the world series for the first time since 1918 by sweeping the st.
0 "facing arrest , uma bharti quits as madhya pradesh chief bhopal ( pti ) - madhya pradesh chief minister uma bharti has been forced out of office after four days of political drama as the issue of tainted ministers came back to haunt the bharatiya janata party ."
3 nhs signs nine - year extension with microsoft the national health service ( nhs ) has extended a software licensing deal with microsoft for nine years - three times longer than its current agreement .
0 "gunmen seize three britons in baghdad ( reuters ) reuters - three british nationals , believed to be\civilians , were snatched by gunmen from a house in central\baghdad early on thursday , iraq 's interior ministry said ."
2 "news corp . net profit soars 27 news corp. saw healthy gains in profit and revenue in the fiscal first quarter - helped by growth in advertising at the fox news channel and the fox broadcast network , as"
1 memphis indefinitely suspends sean banks memphis forward sean banks was suspended indefinitely tuesday for violating team rules . coach john calipari did not provide further information about the violation .
0 "two u.s. soldiers killed in iraq bombings ( ap ) ap - two american soldiers were killed and two others were wounded in separate bombings that occurred within hours , the u.s. military said thursday ."
3 "gates says broadcast tv model faces irrelevancy bill gates predicts a\future for the entertainment industry in which traditional\broadcast television is rendered irrelevant . it 's a positive\vision , however , because new and better business models made\possible by technology are emerging ."
0 "why 2004 was the year of the blog a us dictionary publisher declares "" blog "" as one of the words of the year ."
2 "dollar dives to record low vs . euro london ( reuters ) - the dollar crashed through key barriers to a record low on the euro and a 7-month low on the yen on wednesday , as concern mounted a forthcoming g20 finance ministers ' meeting would do little to halt its slide ."
3 "scientists : volcano monitoring funds low ( ap ) ap - for lack of funds , more than a third of the nation 's "" truly dangerous "" volcanos lack even a seismometer for detecting signs of an impending eruption , scientists say ."
3 arctic team finds ship remains a team retracing the route of a group of victorian arctic explorers have found parts of their 172-year - old ship .
1 "italy : sicilian derby ends in draw palermo , nov 11 ( sw ) - after a 39-year wait for a serie a sicilian derby , the match between palermo and messina on thursday managed only a 0 - 0 draw ."
0 "pakistan says to give extra security to chinese pakistan will provide extra security to the chinese working in the country and pursue a former guantanamo bay inmate who masterminded the abduction of two chinese engineers , the interior minister said on saturday ."
3 "fellowship of the customized ring tone in a short time , in a public way -- while on metro , or in line at starbucks , or inside a movie theater -- ring tones signal who you are . or who you want people to think you are.&lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2 "" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- the washington post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
2 "air canada to buy 45 aircraft from embraer scheduled to fly out of bankruptcy - court shelter this week , air canada announced a deal wednesday to buy 45 embraer aircraft in a deal worth at least \$1 ."
0 "pm to discuss strategic partnership prime minister manmohan singh arrived on tuesday for the first major diplomatic foray that includes talks with us president george w bush , pakistan president pervez musharraf and address to the un general assembly ."
3 "adobe services now via yahoo ! adobe systems and internet provider yahoo ! have announced a tie - up aimed at providing consumer services to internet users . the two companies will introduce integrated products that feature adobe services , increase the reach of yahoo !"
2 "pfizer to sponsor large new celebrex trial new york ( reuters ) - pfizer inc. said on monday it plans to sponsor a major clinical study to further assess the cardiovascular safety of its arthritis drug celebrex following the withdrawal of merck co. 's vioxx , a drug in the same class ."
0 pm and latham target sydney prime minister john howard and opposition leader mark latham will target key marginal seats around sydney as the election campaign hits its second week .
2 "bank of england says dollar decline increases risk to banks the possibility of a further slide in the dollar and a decline in demand for us assets has become one of the potential risks to financial stability , the bank of england said in its semi - annual financial stability review ."
0 israel scrambled warplanes # 39;in case of hijacking threat # 39 ; israeli warplanes scrambled as soon as news broke of the taba bombings . military sources would not elaborate but analysts suggested the most likely reason was to intercept any hijacked
0 europe compromises with us on iran nuke deadline charge iran vehemently denies . the iaea has found many previously concealed nuclear activities in iran . but no quot;smoking gun quot ; backing the us view .
1 it # 39;s about time sox became the champs and real rivals finally . the new york yankees and the boston red sox have a bona fide rivalry . please don # 39;t assume that this belongs on the sports pages .
1 "finley is new angel in outfield the angels rounded out their starting outfield yesterday , signing center fielder steve finley to a \$14 million , two - year contract as baseball 's winter meetings in anaheim , calif. , began to percolate ."
3 "fsb fud over foi , you cry & lt;strong&gt;letters&lt;/strong&gt ; the postbag , and your miscellaneous musings"
3 "crm best practices : tco and roi ( newsfactor ) newsfactor - with crm projects costing millions , even in some mid - size companies , it is no surprise cfos are leading the charge to be sure the most important projects are first , that they are justified , and that they actually deliver on their forecast benefits ."
0 "us economic growth slips to 2.8 annual us economic growth fell to 2.8 in the second quarter of 2004 , marking a slowdown from the 3 estimated a month ago ."
1 "a man with a plan athens -- four years ago in sydney , after the us gymnasts had gone medal - free at the olympics for the first time in 28 years , federation president bob colarossi was sitting at a table , explaining that the turnaround already had begun . the women had moved from sixth to fourth in the world in one year , the men from sixth to fifth . ..."
3 objectweb adds portal content management middleware using open - source modules instead of commercial alternatives -- even standards - based ones -- could save businesses money .
3 "intel lauds milestone in shrinking chips contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry # 39;s pace of development is slowing , intel corp has announced that it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next - generation chips ."
1 "no miracle this time that miracle , of course , took place in lake placid , ny , during the 1980 winter olympics . thanks to the likes of jim craig , mike eruzione , ken morrow and the rest of the us hockey team , the mighty soviet union"
2 "snap - on warns for 3q , 2004 vehicle tool maker sees profit below forecasts amid high steel prices , soft demand in europe . new york ( reuters ) - snap - on inc. , which makes vehicle - repair tools , said tuesday its third - quarter and full - year"
2 "sign off , then sign in g. michael caggiano jr. lies awake at night thinking about bank signs . he ponders them during breakfast , while brushing his teeth , and quot;constantly quot ; during the day , he says ."
2 "first credit rating for serbia 19:50 november 01 dow jones london -- monday -- serbia reached a milestone on the road to economic stability monday , as its first - ever credit rating opened the way for a return to international credit markets ."
2 "eu antitrust ruling on mci overturned in a fresh blow to europe # 39;s antitrust enforcers , a top appeals tribunal said regulators wrongly blocked mci worldcom # 39;s aborted bid to buy sprint corp in 2000 ."
1 "catch a piece of history but hire a lawyer first when steve williams picked up the ball barry bonds had just hit for his 700th home run , he thought he had his hands on a piece of history ."
0 "in indonesia , businesses hopeful after election after suffering through two shambling administrations , indonesia appears to have a new president who many of its business leaders say they believe will uproot corruption and revive investment ."
1 senegal # 39;s camara scores first goals for celtic in 3 - 0 win senegal striker henri camara scored his first two goals for champions celtic in their 3 - 0 win against dundee in the scottish premier league on saturday .
1 overtime goal puts canada in world cup hockey final vincent lecavalier # 39;s goal 3:45 into overtime earned canada a nail - biting 4 - 3 victory over the czech republic on saturday and a place in the final of the world cup of hockey .
2 "gm , daimlerchrysler plan hybrid cars southfield , michigan : general motors corp and daimlerchrysler ag will jointly develop a petroleum - electric power system to catch up with toyota motor corp and honda motor co in so - called hybrid vehicles that save fuel and cut tailpipe emissions ."
1 fans honour legend clough thousands of football fans fell silent today to honour the life and achievements of legendary manager brian clough . a public tribute was held in nottingham city centre and a minute
2 "vivendi surprises with rise in revenue vivendi universal , the french media group that almost collapsed into bankruptcy two years ago , yesterday surprised investors with strong third - quarter revenues driven by soaring music sales in the britain and north america ."
3 mexico struggles to preserve ancient ruins ( reuters ) reuters - the majestic pyramids and\temples of the ancient zapotec kingdom of monte alban sit\spectacularly atop a hill in mexico 's southern state of oaxaca .
0 "vilsack , dean jockey for top dnc post ( ap ) ap - iowa gov. tom vilsack told democratic leaders on friday he may seek the party 's top job as the jockeying to replace chairman terry mcauliffe intensified ."
0 "china sets terms for taiwan talks china is ready to resume negotiations after nearly five years with taiwan if the island nation accepts the quot;one china quot ; principle , the state media reported monday ."
2 "peoplesoft ceo conway maintains defiant tone september 21 , 2004 ( idg news service ) - with 15,000 attendees at peoplesoft inc. # 39;s connect 2004 user show waiting to hear how the company would handle oracle corp."
2 "martha stewart reports to jail to begin sentence the time she had to report to the country # 39;s oldest federal prison for women . service of her sentence , quot ; a federal bureau of prisons statement said ."
3 seo # 39;s multiplying effect on paid inclusion paid inclusion ( pi ) has always been a hot potato . it # 39;s not quite seo ( define ) and not quite search advertising . no one wants to touch it .
1 "broadhurst leads by a shot after second round of madrid open england # 39;s paul broadhurst shot a 6-under 65 friday to take a one - stroke lead after the second round of the madrid open . broadhurst , who hasn # 39;t won on the european tour in nine years , is 10-under 132 overall"
1 f1 boss loses court case formula one boss bernie ecclestones control over the sport may be on the decline after a court ruled against him in a dispute with three banks .
2 "world briefs london - a man wielding a machete and a knife attacked two security guards at the building housing the headquarters of the british domestic intelligence service mi5 on friday , police said ."
1 "red sox stumble and fumble their way to series lead st louis ( reuters ) - so much for the "" curse of the bambino . """
3 yahoo acquires another e - mail startup it bought stata labs and apparently plans to incorporate stata technology in an e - mail client that could compete with google # 39;s gmail .
3 "trusecure merges with betrusted boston - information security services companies trusecure corp. and betrusted plan to announce on tuesday that they have merged , forming a new company called cybertrust ."
1 "winslow , mcallister , maddox among injured ( ap ) ap - the rookie season of cleveland browns tight end kellen winslow jr. may have ended after just two games ."
0 shaukat aziz gets vote of confidence islamabad : newly - elected known as finance wizard prime minister shaukat aziz has secured vote of confidence form the national assembly .
1 "usc fires basketball coach henry bibby ( ap ) ap - henry bibby was fired as southern california 's basketball coach monday , just four games into his ninth season . the trojans , beset by some player dissension , are 2 - 2 ."
3 "russian spacecraft heads for international space station a russian soyuz spacecraft carrying two russian cosmonauts and one american astronaut has reached orbit , after blasting off from the baikonur cosmodrome in kazakhstan ."
3 "report : global warming now inevitable the arctic council , an international group of northern nations , says global warming will be both a blessing and a curse . the group # 39;s report , four years in the making and set for a nov."
1 "saban hiring on hold davie - the dolphins want nick saban , and the lsu coach could be on his way . although lsu athletic director skip bertman said friday that quot;an offer is very imminent , quot ; the dolphins are committed to adhering"
2 "ford down , nissan up in september sales detroit ( reuters ) - ford motor co. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = f.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;f.n&lt;/a&gt ; posted its fourth consecutive month of weaker u.s. sales with a 7 percent drop in september results on friday , and the automaker doubled its incentives on some models to kick - start sales this month ."
0 "israel levels new accusations against syria without acknowledging responsibility for the car - bombing death of a hamas activist in syria , israeli deputy defense minister zeev boim yesterday issued a toughly worded"
0 "australia : wallets trump war a majority of australians oppose the iraq war , but they turned out to be more concerned about the economy ."
1 "earnhardt : take money , not points dale earnhardt jr. wants nascar to change its punishment for swearing on television and radio broadcasts before another driver commits a similar slip of the tongue ."
0 "typhoon tokage claims 25 lives ; 43 missing , nhk tv reports twenty - five people were confirmed dead and 43 missing as of 5 am after typhoon tokage passed through japan , nhk television said on its web site ."
0 "democracy thrives in largest muslim state indonesia # 39;s presidential favorite susilo bambang yudhoyono spent part of a three - day break between the campaign and monday # 39;s historic election not resting , but writing ."
1 "us women avoid disaster , advance athens -- preliminary - round elimination would have been a disaster for the united states women . desperate for a victory , the americans avoided embarrassment by finally playing like a gold medal contender -- and like a team ."
1 "short jump , bad handoff end jones # 39 ; games athens , greece - for marion jones , sydney must seem far more than half a world away . those olympics were some dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile , winning five medals"
0 "kidnapped turk killed in afghanistan -- witness a turkish engineer abducted by a militant gang in eastern afghanistan was found dead on wednesday , a witness who saw the body being carried down from a mountainside told reuters ."
3 lycos offers people and discussion search terra lycos sa introduced two search tools on its lycos u.s. internet site on monday as part of a recently announced strategy to focus on services that allow users to connect with others .
1 mularkey sticking with bledsoe as bills starter mike mularkey has a message to those clamoring for rookie quarterback jp losman to replace drew bledsoe as buffalo # 39;s starter . not yet .
0 "conocophillips boosts lukoil stake to 10 percent ( afp ) afp - us oil major conocophillips has boosted its stake in russia 's second - largest oil producer lukoil to 10 percent , giving conoco at least one representative on lukoil 's board ."
0 "3 egyptian soldiers killed in israeli error jerusalem -- israeli troops mistook three egyptian police officers for palestinian militants and shot them dead yesterday along the gaza strip 's border with egypt , increasing tensions between the neighbors ."
0 ex - general wins indonesian elections retired general susilo bambang yudhoyono was on monday confirmed as indonesia # 39;s next leader as final counting from the country # 39;s first direct presidential polls gave him a landslide victory over his predecessor .
1 "tompkins : young brit who fought here has shot at gold great britain # 39;s amir khan , who looked so impressive in winning the 132-pound championship at the junior international invitational boxing championships here last summer , has a chance for an olympic gold medal in the lightweight division today ."
2 "wellpoint net income increases 28 percent thousand oaks , calif. -- wellpoint health networks inc. # 39;s third - quarter net income rose 28 percent as the managed - care company saw membership growth in key markets and double - digit revenue growth ."
3 "sap awarded \$35 million postal service contract the postal service , which employs more than a third of the civilian employees of the federal government , chose sap after a multi - year evaluation , it said ."
0 us mounts fresh attack on taliban the us - led militarycoalition in afghanistan has beguna big offensive against militants loyal to the ousted taliban regime in an attempt to quash any attempt to disrupt parliamentary elections next spring .
2 opec increases oil output the organization of the petroleum exporting countries has agreed to increase output by one million barrels a day in a move to lower oil prices .
1 "soccer : matuzalem brace ends celtic # 39;s champions league hopes donetsk , ukraine : brazilian midfielder matuzalem defied the chilly temperatures to score a double for shakhtar donetsk on wednesday in a 3 - 0 win which virtually ended celtic # 39;s champions league ambitions this season ."
0 "u.s. softball team wins , closes in on gold athens , greece - right now , the americans are n't just a dream team - they 're more like the perfect team . lisa fernandez pitched a three - hitter sunday and crystl bustos drove in two runs as the americans rolled to their eighth shutout in eight days , 5 - 0 over australia , putting them into the gold medal game ..."
3 "supercomputer breaks speed record the us is poised to push japan off the top of the supercomputing chart with ibm # 39;s prototype blue gene / l machine . it is being assembled for the lawrence livermore national laboratories , a us department of energy lab ( doe ) ."
3 microsoft sues eight resellers over dodgy stickers microsoft has announced it # 39;s suing eight pc resellers over claims they have been attaching certificates of authenticity ( coa ) to non - genuine microsoft products .
2 "news corporation to buy 20 presses from man roland london -- oct . 12 , 2004 - - news corporation today announced a significant investment in news international limited , with the expenditure over the next four to five years of more than gbp 600million on new printing plants ."
3 "u2 , apple in ipod deal , bono wins ted prize u2 and apple computer are expected to announce next week that they have inked a deal to sell custom ipods . according to a source , the band # 39;s upcoming interscope album quot;how to dismantle an atomic bomb , quot ; due nov."
0 "two aid workers killed in attack on darfur aid convoy khartoum ( reuters ) - two employees of a british charity were killed in sudan 's troubled darfur region on sunday when their convoy came under fire , the aid agency said on monday ."
1 us mnt streaking into final round the us mens national team will look to extend their record unbeaten streak to 13 matches when the take on jamaica at columbus crew stadium in its final match of semifinal - round qualifying for the 2006 fifa world cup .
3 "lockheed to launch rocket ; boeing gets new date ( reuters ) reuters - lockheed martin corp. on monday\announced that it will launch its atlas v rocket on dec. 17 as\planned , while boeing co. waited to reschedule a launch of its\delta iv heavy - lift rocket that it was forced to abandon on\sunday ."
3 "thunderbird email client goes gold version 1.0 of the mozilla thunderbird email client is finally available for download , according to an announcement from the mozilla foundation ."
2 "stocks finish up , apple provides a lift new york ( reuters ) - u.s. stocks rose on monday as a higher price target for shares of apple computer inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = aapl.o target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;aapl.o&lt;/a&gt ; prompted enthusiasm for technology stocks and a rally in crude oil stalled ."
3 "google unveils scholar search tool jacksonville , fl -- the online search engine leader google has unveiled a new tool for scholarly research . the new service is aimed at making better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the web and it"
2 delta financing to use prepaid skymiles shares of delta air lines soared after the troubled airline said monday it entered into a commitment letter with american express travel related services co.
1 "jets , pennington talk the new york jets and quarterback chad pennington are looking to finalize a contract extension by next wednesday ."
3 "peoplesoft , ibm strike middleware alliance peoplesoft inc. is deepening its ties with ibm corp. , announcing on tuesday a sales and development partnership it called the most significant enterprise applications alliance in the companies ' history ."
3 "panasonic , toshiba delve into alternate energy a new home heating system from panasonic is based on a hydrogen fuel cell ; it both heats the house and produces hot water ."
0 "straw : sudan must help displaced people ( ap ) ap - british foreign secretary jack straw , touring a sprawling desert camp housing 40,000 displaced people from the troubled western darfur region , urged the sudanese government to do more to make it safe for the frightened refugees to return home ."
0 "dutch security reviewed on threat the hague , netherlands - the government vowed tough measures yesterday against what a leading politician called quot;the arrival of jihad in the netherlands quot ; after a death threat to a dutch lawmaker was found pinned with a knife to the body of a slain"
2 "nova chemicals , bp to form european plastics venture ( update1 ) nova chemicals corp. , canada # 39;s largest chemical maker , and bp plc , europe # 39;s biggest oil company , agreed to merge their european styrenics polymer businesses into a 50 - 50 venture to reduce costs ."
0 "conditions worsen in darfur , u.n. agencies say ( reuters ) reuters - conditions for 1.2 million sudanese\displaced in darfur continue to worsen amid violent attacks,\spreading disease , and heavy rains which wreak havoc with aid\convoys , united nations agencies said on tuesday ."
0 "yemen sentences 15 militants on terror charges a court in yemen has sentenced one man to death and 14 others to prison terms for a series of attacks and terrorist plots in 2002 , including the bombing of a french oil tanker ."
3 doj wo n't appeal oracle ruling washington - the u.s. department of justice ( doj ) will not appeal a ruling by a california judge that would allow oracle corp. 's proposed hostile takeover of competing software vendor peoplesoft inc.
0 briton charged with plotting bomb attack washington - u.s. authorities brought charges monday against a british man they contend conspired with admitted al - qaida member richard reid to use shoe bombs to blow up planes in midair ...
2 "court seen lifting yukos block -- lawyers london ( reuters ) - a u.s. bankruptcy court is likely to revoke its temporary ban on the sale of russian oil group yukos 's main production unit , lawyers said on friday ."
2 "santander takeover of abbey approved by uk # 39;s fsa ( update1 ) the uk # 39;s financial services authority approved santander central hispano sa # 39;s 9.4 billion - pound ( \$17.4 billion ) takeover of abbey national plc , paving the way for europe # 39;s biggest cross - border bank merger ."
3 "iraq 's neighbors to get little for environment loss ( reuters ) reuters - iraq 's neighbors want tens of billions\of dollars for environmental damage done in the 1990 - 1 gulf\conflict , but are set to get only paltry funds from the united"
0 "foreign reactions to the election top foreign officials across europe are either accepting or welcoming the second term for president bush . meeting in moscow , italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and russian president vladimir putin said they welcome the bush win ."
2 "euro stocks rally after strong u.s. data london ( reuters ) - european shares strongly extended gains on friday after data showed job creation in the u.s. economy was double expectations at 337,000 in october ."
0 "3 police officials charged over beslan siege rostov - on - don , russia - three russian police officers have been charged with criminal negligence in connection with the beslan school hostage - taking that left 360 people dead , almost half of them children ."
3 "nokia to use holograms to thwart battery counterfeiters hologram labels will help customers identify original nokia batteries , thus ensuring the safe use of handsets , says nokia . all new batteries will come with a holographic image and an authentication code hidden under it ."
2 rates on short - term t - bills hit 30-month high washington -- interest rates on short - term treasury bills rose in yesterday 's auction to the highest levels in 30 months .
1 "late collapse costs park a victory grace park was bitterly disappointed after failing to produce her second lpga title of the season sunday at the samsung world championship at big horn golf course in palm desert , california ."
3 "kodak , ibm to make digital camera sensors ( ap ) ap - eastman kodak co. and international business machines corp. thursday said they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones ."
2 "oracle strikes friendly deal for peoplesoft at us\$26.50 a share after 18 months of conflict , a friendly merger deal has been struck between oracle corp. and peoplesoft inc. after the former raised its quot;final quot ; offer by 10 per cent ."
2 fed raises interest rate to 2.25 percent ( reuters ) reuters - the federal reserve raised u.s.\interest rates on tuesday by a quarter - percentage point for the\fifth time this year and said it will keep gradually lifting\them from rock - bottom levels to forestall inflation .
1 "sox lose kapler to japan outfielder gabe kapler became the first player to leave the world series champion boston red sox , agreeing to a one - year contract with the yomiuri giants in tokyo ."
0 "pacifist japan boosts # 39;self - defence # 39 ; measures after almost 60 years of pacifism , japan today overhauled its defence policy ; easing an arms exports ban and singling out north korea and china as security threats ."
0 "anwar begins malaysia political comeback malaysia # 39;s most charismatic dissident anwar ibrahim , released from jail two months ago , kicked off his political comeback sunday , vowing to restart a campaign for democratic reforms and racial equality ."
1 "arsenal # 39;s winning ways a joy legendary nottingham forest manager brian clough said last week that losing forest # 39;s 42-game unbeaten record to arsenal stuck in the craw quot;because nobody likes them quot ; , but surely that is not true ."
0 "argentine court acquits bombing suspects an argentine court acquitted five suspects in the 1994 bombing of a jewish community center that killed 85 people , la nacion newspaper reported friday ."
1 "cavanagh , crimson roll by union tom cavanagh scored two goals , leading harvard to a 4 - 1 win over visiting union last night ."
3 "midtier erp vendors can capitalize on oracle antitrust verdict the door is open for oracle to win its bid for peoplesoft , and for midmarket erp vendors to increase their business . by elena malykhina ."
2 "lcc int # 39;l posts 3q profit , shares tumble lcc international inc. , which offers wireless voice and data technical consulting , on monday saw shares plummet as much as 12 percent in after - hours trade after the company swung to a third - quarter profit but predicted lower revenues are ahead ."
1 palace bans two fans the palace in auburn hills bans two men from events for their involvement in last month 's brawl between the pistons and indian pacers .
2 "bush pledges strong - dollar policy president bush meets with italian prime minister silvio berlusconi in the oval office of the white house , wednesday , dec. 15 , 2004 , in washington ."
3 energy dept . funds open - source infiniband work three - year project will back programmers ' effort to build linux software support for the high - speed networking technology .
0 turkish company freezes operations in iraq ( ap ) ap - a turkish construction company announced tuesday that it was halting operations in neighboring iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants .
2 "howard stern : serious business for sirius shock jock howard stern is jumping from radio broadcasting to satellite radio , promising to boost the ratings of the growing medium and bring his show to fans quot;my way ."
0 telescope snaps distant ' planet ' the first direct image of a planet circling another star may have been obtained by a us - european team of astronomers .
0 "afghan court convicts us trio of torture kabul , afghanistan -- three americans -- led by a former green beret who boasted he had pentagon support -- were found guilty yesterday of torturing afghans in a private jail and were sentenced to prison ."
1 gullit to take action after defeat feyenoord boss ruud gullit has launched a stinging attack on his players after watching them crash to their third defeat of the season against fc groningen .
2 "how the credit policy will affect you the reserve bank of india announced the mid - term review of its monetary policy on tuesday . though the central bank kept away from the much expected interest rate hike , the policy contained recommendations"
3 "google launches new search tool for academics google has rolled out a new search tool called , google scholar . google scholar enables you to search specifically for scholarly literature , including peer - reviewed papers , theses , books , preprints , abstracts"
1 "harrington tied for first at valderrama padraig harrington is tied for first at the volvo masters in valderrama , at two under after 14 holes . joining him at the top of the leaderbaod are angel cabrera , brian davis , and alastair forsyth ."
2 "citigroup 's ex - exec may face sec action new york ( reuters ) - citigroup inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = c.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;c.n&lt;/a&gt ; on friday said u.s. securities regulators may recommend enforcement proceedings against the former head of citigroup global investment management ."
3 older mobiles may cause tumours : study the institute of environmental medicine ( imm ) at karolinska institute in sweden found no indications of risk for less than 10 years of usage .
1 "careening indians fall slumping cleveland lost a three - run lead while derek jeter homered and stole two ninth - inning bases as new york sent the indians to their ninth consecutive loss , 5 - 4 , tuesday ."
0 "show lights up paralympics the xii paralympics begins in athens , after a spectacular opening ceremony ."
1 "brand , clippers clobber pacers indianapolis , nov. 10 ( ticker ) -- the indiana pacers were looking for a first . the los angeles clippers accomplished one . elton brand had 19 points and a season - high 16 rebounds as the clippers pounded the pacers , 102 - 68 ."
3 "oracle expected to push on content management at openworld oracle is expected to unveil updates to its software 's content management and business intelligence functions , as well as other enhancements at next week 's oracle openworld user event ."
3 particle lab celebrates 50th birthday the european research facility which helped shape our view of matter and invented the world wide web is exactly 50 years old .
2 "neck stents boosted in two studies boston scientific corp. and medtronic inc. , competing to enter the us market for stents that keep neck arteries open , said separate studies showed their devices prevent complications including stroke after 30 days ."
0 "hurricane watch issued for gaston off s.c. columbia , s.c. - a hurricane watch was issued for the south carolina coast saturday as forecasters predicted tropical storm gaston would make landfall near charleston on sunday night ..."
2 land rover aims new model at us land rover will launch a sports tourer next year in a what is likely to be a test of british carmakers # 39 ; ability to compete in the us .
3 "skulls on your symbian phone ? don # 39;t panic ! petaling jaya : virus experts at british software security firm sophos plc have advised customers not to panic , following media reports of a trojan horse which infects cellphones ."
2 "cazenove teams up with jp morgan cazenove said it had agreed to hive off its investment banking business into a joint venture with jp morgan chase and co , in effect ending the independence of the 181-year - old british bank ."
0 "boys ' cured ' with gene therapy gene therapy can cure children born with a condition that knocks out their natural defences against infection , mounting evidence shows ."
0 india must recognize international realities : pm prime minister manmohan singh has responded to the left # 39;s criticism of his congratulatory call to us president george w. bush by saying india must recognise international realities .
2 nikkei sinks due to exporters tokyo ( reuters ) - tokyo 's nikkei average fell 2 percent at the opening on monday as investors shied away from exporters including toyota motor corp. after a fall in the dollar below 107 yen stoked concerns about their earnings .
2 "now it 's official : economy shrunk washington ( reuters ) - the u.s. economy slowed more sharply in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and the trade gap swelled , the government said on friday in a report that confirmed momentum faltered in the spring ."
0 "pope prays for beslan school dead at italy mass loreto , italy ( reuters ) - pope john paul prayed for the victims of the "" inhumane violence "" of russia 's beslan school tragedy as he said mass on sunday before 200,000 people in central italy ."
1 "al capsules vernon wells hit a go - ahead , two - run triple off orlando hernandez in the seventh inning , and the toronto blue jays rallied past the new york yankees 5 - 4 on wednesday night ."
3 "study : voip to proliferate in u.s. households the number of homes using net telephony should reach 12 million by 2009 , but existing voip players could face hurdles ."
3 pornsters face life in china smut crackdown china is stepping up its hard line against internet pornography by threatening life imprisonment for anyoner caught peddling porn .
1 chicago oks cubs to play at wrigley field ( ap ) ap - the city gave the chicago cubs the go - ahead to play ball at wrigley field on monday night after the stadium passed another round of inspections of repair work done on its crumbling upper deck .
1 "six - month deal for hoddle at wolves the 47-year - old former england coach was unveiled at a press conference , bringing to an end wolves # 39 ; month - long search for a successor to dave jones ."
3 "study : apple , dell lead pc customer satisfaction index the pc industry is doing a better job this year of satisfying its u.s. customers , and better technical support and easier - to - use hardware seem to have made a difference , according to the american customer satisfaction index ."
1 "a # 39;new greece # 39 ; beams after success of games as greeks get a boost , it remains unclear if success will mean higher stature in europe . by peter ford staff writer of the christian science monitor ."
0 "jordan prince loses succession jordan # 39;s prince hamzah says he is conceding to the wish of king abdullah ii to strip him of his crown as heir to the throne . quot;i obey the command of my elder brother out of my loyalty , love"
3 "blockbuster cuts online price , challenges netflix ( reuters ) reuters - video chain blockbuster inc on\friday said it would lower the price of its online dvd rentals\to undercut a similar move by netflix inc. that sparked a stock\a sell - off of both companies ' shares ."
2 "us airways up on labor talks us airways # 39 ; ( uair : nasdaq - news - research ) shares jumped almost 20 on news that management and pilots were back at the table , trying to hammer out an agreement on work concessions to save the company ."
1 "transactions baseball cincinnati ( nl ) : announced of john vander wal declined an outright assignment and elected free agency . cleveland ( al ) : designated inf ivan ochoa , p jake robbins , and of ernie young for assignment . montreal ( nl ) : declined to exercise its 2005 option on c einar diaz ; assigned of matt cepicky outright to edmonton ( pcl ) . oakland ( al ) : claimed p tim harikkala off waivers from ..."
0 "putin visits chechnya ahead of election ( ap ) ap - russian president vladimir putin made an unannounced visit to chechnya on sunday , laying flowers at the grave of the war - ravaged region 's assassinated president a week before elections for a new leader ."
2 "us launches probe of fannie mae woes washington -- federal prosecutors have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giant fannie mae , just days after regulators accused the company of shoddy accounting practices , according to sources familiar with the probe ."
2 hummer going smaller for share of big market general motors hopes to make its hulking hummer lineup quot;more approachable quot ; with a new midsize sport utility vehicle scheduled to go on sale next spring .
1 "head2head reader responses the packers have a far better shot at making the playoffs than the titans . the packers play in a much easier division , which gives them a better chance at winning the magic number of games ( 10 ?"
3 oracle moves to monthly patch schedule an alert posted on the company # 39;s web site outlined the patches that should be posted to fix numerous security holes in a number of applications .
1 titans ' mcnair hints at retiring from nfl ( ap ) ap - tennessee titans quarterback steve mcnair hinted sunday that his 10th season in the nfl could be his last .
2 "american shoppers splurge in september washington ( afp ) - shoppers -- the dynamo in the us economy -- shrugged off rising energy prices and splurged in malls and car showrooms in september , a government report showed ."
2 "home depot likes high oil rising fuel prices , a bugbear for most of the retail sector , are helping home depot ( hd : nyse - news - research ) , the remodeling giant that reported a surge in second - quarter earnings tuesday and guided the rest of the year higher ."
0 washington admits failure to get iran to un security council vienna ( mna ) - a united states official confirmed to afp news agency on friday that washington fails to take irans nuclear issue to the united nations security council for possible sanctions against tehran .
1 "bryant 's 25 helps lakers beat clippers ( ap ) ap - kobe bryant scored 25 points and the los angeles lakers got major contributions from their ever - improving reserves friday night , beating the clippers 113 - 102 in a preseason game ."
0 presidential winner faces ' twin deficits ' battle ( afp ) afp - whoever wins the november 2 presidential election will inherit massive budget and trade deficits that pose huge economic challenges that will give little relief for president george w. bush or rival john kerry .
1 european tour hopes still high in canada hopes of another european tour victory on the us pga tour remained high as jesper parnevik and vijay singh enjoyed a share of second place after the third round of the bell canadian open at the glen abbey course in ontario .
1 ancelotti demands more from # 39;world # 39;s best defence # 39 ; ac milan coach carlo ancelotti said he expects better from his defence after the shock 2 - 1 home defeat to promoted messina on wednesday .
1 "espn.com news services six months ago , scottie pippen issued a quot;this is probably it for me quot ; declaration , that last season was looking more and more like his last in an nba uniform ."
0 "stern to join sirius satellite radio new york - howard stern has long had two words for the federal communications commission - and in 15 months , he can finally utter them on the air . the self - proclaimed "" king of all media , "" perhaps the most influential radio voice of the last 20 years , is shifting his salacious act to satellite radio and freeing himself from the increasingly harsh glare of federal regulators ..."
3 itunes now selling band aid song ipod owners can download the band aid single after apple reaches agreement with the charity .
3 "ibm unveils security intel service , notes big jump in attacks ibm has launched a new intelligence service to give enterprises a monthly report showing the big picture of security attacks and other business threats , the armonk , ny - based giant said tuesday ."
3 "attacks disrupt some credit card transactions flood of data interrupts authorize.net 's credit card processing for internet merchants , leaving the company scrambling ."
2 ibm # 39;to sell pc business # 39 ; ibm is reportedly in talks to sell its personal computer business . it would mark the end of an era for the company that brought the computer into the mainstream when it began selling its desktop pc to corporations and consumers in 1981 .
1 "sporting news : bonds is player of year ; pujols fourth san francisco giants slugger barry bonds , who hit .362 , set a record with 232 walks and topped 700 career homers , was named 2004 player of the year by the sporting news ."
0 "spanish pm to host french , german allies in madrid summit ( afp ) afp - sealing ratification of an eu constitution and the question of terrorism will top the agenda when spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero welcomes french president jacques chirac and german chancellor gerhard schroeder to a summit meeting monday ."
0 "australian employee of canadian oil company reportedly abducted in yemen ( canadian press ) canadian press - canberra , australia ( ap ) - diplomats investigated tuesday a report that an australian oil engineer had been abducted in yemen by armed tribesmen , but a conflicting report from yemen said there was no kidnapping ."
2 microsoft storms india microsoft is making big news in india this week by expanding its hyderabad campus and signing two lucrative deals in asias fourth largest economy .
0 "german investor confidence slumped in september berlin - german investor confidence dropped sharply in september , a key economic indicator released tuesday showed amid concerns about the impact of high oil prices on consumer demand and the outlook for the global economy ."
3 "cassini space probe spots two new saturn moons ( reuters ) reuters - two new moons were spotted around\saturn by the cassini space probe , raising the total to 33\moons for the ringed planet , nasa said on monday ."
2 "key australia - us fta deadline passes a key deadline to bring australia # 39;s free trade agreement with the united states into force has expired . but the australian government is still confident the deal will come into effect next year , as louise willis reports ."
0 "u.s. says new images show iran plans nuclear bomb vienna ( reuters ) - a senior u.s. official said on thursday that satellite photographs of a suspected nuclear industrial site in iran demonstrated its intention to develop atomic weapons , an allegation tehran dismissed as "" a new lie . """
3 tgn sync proposes new wlan standard the battle over home entertainment networking is heating up as a coalition proposes yet another standard for the ieee # 39;s consideration .
2 sec may put end to quid pro quo ( usatoday.com ) usatoday.com - the securities and exchange commission is expected to vote wednesday to prohibit mutual fund companies from funneling stock trades to brokerage firms that agree to promote their funds to investors .
1 "far from fun and games for jones athens , greece -- so other than your anemic , fifth - place finish in the long jump and the missed baton pass in the 400-meter relay for a big fat quot;did not finish , # 39 ; # 39 ; how did your day go , marion jones ?"
0 "georgian president calls for international conference on south ossetia tbilisi , georgia georgian president mikhail saakashvili appealed to world leaders tuesday to convene an international conference on the conflict in breakaway south ossetia , where daily exchanges of gunfire threaten to spark ..."
3 "apple ipod holds sway in japan juliana sasaki did not bother checking out sony # 39;s digital music player in tokyo before buying her ipod mini . quot;i knew sony and other companies had mp3 players , but they can # 39;t beat the mini , quot ; says sasaki , 23 , a language teacher ."
2 "microsoft opens software development center in india ( update3 ) microsoft corp. , the world # 39;s largest software maker , will hire several hundred # 39 ; # 39 ; people in the next year at its development center in india , expanding its workforce of 800 , chief executive steve ballmer said ."
1 "plane of nascar team hendrick missing race fans wave american flags in the stands during the singing of the national anthem prior to the start of the nascar subway 500 stock car race at martinsville speedway in martinsville , va."
1 "testaverde accepts parcells # 39 ; nomination who would have thought that the dallas cowboys # 39 ; offense would be the least of coach bill parcells problems ? after cutting their starting quarterback in training camp , signing a controversial"
1 patriots down cardinals 23 - 12 game stats the new england patriots struggled to put the pesky arizona cardinals away in what should have been an easy victory of mismatched teams .
2 "ford to recall 474,000 suvs worldwide ( reuters ) reuters - ford motor co said on friday it\was recalling about 474,000 escape and mazda tribute sport\utility vehicles globally because the accelerator cable may\prevent the engine from returning to the idle position , which\could increase stopping distance and result in a crash ."
2 "unskilled jobs to go there will be no jobs for unskilled workers in britain within 10 years , the leading employers # 39 ; organisation claims today . the prediction is based on the growth in"
2 "motorola to cut 1,000 jobs new york ( reuters ) - telecommunications equipment maker motorola inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = mot.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;mot.n&lt;/a&gt ; said on tuesday that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take related charges of about \$50 million to focus on its wireless business ."
3 "good luck and bubblewrap.com collard greens and black - eyed peas , a new years tradition , on a chefs site ; virtual - bubblewrap.com lets you punch holes with your mouse ; knowitallvideo.com , where amateur instructional videos are posted and rated ."
2 "union leaders held under esma on day 6 of strike new delhi , august 26 : the sixth day of the truckers strike on thursday saw 12 more truckers being arrested under the essential services maintenance act ( esma)in the capital ."
3 stargazers enjoy total lunar eclipse ( ap ) ap - the earth 's last total lunar eclipse for nearly two and a half years did n't disappoint .
1 "natalie coughlin wins 100 m backstroke ( ap ) ap - american natalie coughlin won olympic gold in the 100-meter backstroke monday night . coughlin , the only woman ever to swim under 1 minute in the event , finished first in 1 minute , 0.37 seconds . kirsty coventry of zimbabwe , who swims at auburn university in alabama , earned the silver in 1:00.50 . laure manaudou of france took bronze in 1:00.88 ."
3 "firefox leaves no reason to endure internet explorer that should have been said a long time ago . after microsoft cemented a monopoly of the web - browser market , it let internet explorer go stale , parceling out ho - hum updates that neglected vulnerabilities"
1 "usc rolls to easy win despite playing well arizona was unable the hold the top ranked usc trojans , losing 49 - 9 . the score was a bit deceiving as the wildcats hung tough with the nations best team for about a quarter and a half ."
1 poll cost us victory - cech referee graham poll came under renewed fire today as goalkeeper petr cech blamed him for costing chelsea victory at highbury by allegedly reneging on a promise to blow his whistle before thierry henrys free - kick .
1 update 1-thompson earns celtic a record win over rangers scottish champions celtic secured a record seventh successive win over glasgow rivals rangers on sunday with a 1 - 0 victory courtesy of midfielder alan thompson # 39;s venomous late strike .
3 tracking service aims to ease product returns ( ziff davis ) ziff davis - a texas company tries to take a little bit of the sting out of the biggest online retail nightmare : returns .
3 japan # 39;s ntt docomo sees europe embracing hi - tech mobile phones tokyo : japan # 39;s top mobile operator ntt docomo believes europe will embrace hi - tech telephones and expects a major boost in subscribers on the continent of its i - mode internet service .
1 "desert turns into parks place annika sorenstam may be the reigning queen of the lpga tour , but its grace park who seems to be royalty in the desert these days ."
3 "acer ships 64-bit notebook acer america corp. on monday introduced a notebook based on the 64-bit mobile processor from advanced micro devices inc. the ferrari 3400 , which runs on the mobile amd athlon 64 for thin and"
2 "odyssey warns of weak quarter , ceo quits chicago ( reuters ) - odyssey healthcare inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = odsy.o target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;odsy.o&lt;/a&gt ; on monday warned of an earnings shortfall , announced the resignation of its chief executive and said it was the subject of a justice department probe , sending shares of the hospice care provider plummeting 42 percent ."
1 "melvin faces major challenge in arizona ( ap ) ap - after the wally backman fiasco , the arizona diamondbacks were fortunate to have a handy and willing backup choice in bob melvin . the low - key melvin so coveted the managing job that he brushed aside any concern about being the team 's second choice . "" this is the one i really wanted , "" he said . "" this is where i feel most at home . "" that home , though , is in disarray ."
1 "woods on top at rain - soaked dunlop phoenix miyazaki , japan ( reuters ) - tiger woods fired a superb five - under - par 65 in torrential rain to take a three - stoke lead after the first round of the dunlop phoenix tournament thursday ."
1 "cavaliers trip trail blazers 112 - 88 ( ap ) ap - lebron james scored 12 of his 25 points in less than three minutes of the third quarter and ira newble added a season - high 18 as the cleveland cavaliers won their ninth straight at home , 112 - 88 over the portland trail blazers on wednesday night ."
2 northwest fee increase has agents crying foul the airline said it will begin paying only \$5 of the \$12.50 cost of booking a northwest ticket through a global distribution system such as sabre or galileo starting wednesday .
2 update 2 : eds reports third - quarter loss electronic data systems corp. finally settled a dispute with outside auditors and reported a third - quarter loss of \$153 million due to the write - down of a huge contract to build a computer network for the navy .
1 "hendrick motorsports plane crash kills 10 ( ap ) ap - a plane owned by the hendrick motorsports organization crashed sunday on its way to a nascar race , killing all 10 people aboard , federal officials said . a spokesman for a funeral home where the bodies were being taken said the dead included the son , brother and two nieces of rick hendrick , owner of one of the most successful organizations in nascar history ."
1 "brewers hand cards fourth straight loss ( ap ) ap - matt morris struggled in his final tuneup for the playoffs , and the milwaukee brewers beat the st. louis cardinals 7 - 6 thursday night to send the nl central champions to their first four - game losing streak of the season ."
3 "exeter uni cans chemistry department in a move that has been dubbed as # 39;disastrous # 39 ; by the royal society of chemistry , exeter university is to drop the teaching of chemistry as a subject ."
0 darfur peace talks struggle for survival abuja ( reuters ) - peace talks between sudan 's government and darfur rebels struggled for survival after one of the two rebel groups said on wednesday the negotiations had collapsed but left open the chance of resumption .
0 hezbollah rejects abolition call the leader of militant lebanese group hezbollah rejects a un call for the organisation to be disbanded .
3 "hp releases new products for enterprises launches openview automation manager , service desk version 5.0 and partnership with cisco for reselling hp management software . madrid : hewlett packard has launched its hp openview automation manager that"
1 giddy phelps touches gold for first time michael phelps won the gold medal in the 400 individual medley and set a world record in a time of 4 minutes 8.26 seconds .
0 "witnesses to confront cali cartel kingpin thirteen years into their probe , u.s. investigators have assembled a team of smugglers , accountants and associates to testify against colombian cartel kingpin gilberto rodriguez orejuela ."
2 "fiat seeks pact in row with gm fiat and general motors are to hold more talks to solve their differences over the future of the italian firm 's loss - making auto group , fiat says ."
0 "large explosion shakes downtown baghdad ( ap ) ap - a large explosion shook downtown baghdad on sunday night , but its cause could not immediately be determined ."
1 "nets 96 , bobcats 89 nets win but they still look out of sorts one night after they were pounded by 19 points in a preseason game in cleveland , the nets looked like a much different team against the expansion charlotte bobcats"
1 brazilian gp : sauber preview the brazilian grand prix at sao paulo on 24 october will be the 18th and final round of the fia formula one world championship 2004 .
0 "what they said about ... ... cherie blair cherie blair cast aside her treasured privacy this week , touring newspapers offices and television studios to promote the goldfish bowl , her new book , which focuses on downing street spouses ."
3 "could newer browsers dethrone ie ? every time a new ie security flaw is announced , or whenever someone gets fed up with hackers manipulating their web browser , firefox and other mozilla - based browsers get a bump in the marketplace ."
0 karzai camp scents victory early in afghan poll kabul ( reuters ) - afghan president hamid karzai was on course on tuesday for an outright victory in the country 's historic presidential election with almost a quarter of the votes counted from the poll 10 days ago .
2 "santander sells stake in royal bank of scotland london , september 9 ( new ratings ) - santander central hispano ( bsd2.fse ) has indicated that it is selling a 2.51 stake in royal bank of scotland group plc , in an attempt to seek regulatory approval to acquire uks abbey national plc ."
0 "barghouti won # 39;t stand if abbas meets terms jailed tanzim leader marwan barghouti is expected to withdraw from the race for leadership of the palestinian authority in the coming days , say senior fatah sources , if his political demands are met by his election rival , former prime minister mahmoud"
3 "sun to set solaris free , after a fashion operating system to come at no charge for servers with x86 processors . but the bug fixes will cost you ."
1 "tennis : agassi makes short work of vliegen stockholm - andre agassi made short work of kristof vliegen in his opening stockholm open tennis match today , beating the belgian 6 - 2 6 - 4 in just over an hour ."
2 easymobile launch set for march denmark # 39;s leading telecoms operator tdc says it will launch a low - budget mobile telephone operator dubbed quot;easymobile quot ; with mobile network operator t - mobile in britain in march 2005 .
1 cska sponsor rejects criticism russian oil giant sibneft today rejected any suggestion of a conflict of interest existing between chelsea and cska moscow who are due to meet in the champions league .
2 "ba hikes oil surcharge by up to 8 per ticket british airways , europe # 39;s biggest airline by passenger capacity , has hiked its fuel surcharges by up to uk8 per ticket , a day after oil prices climbed to record levels ."
3 "hp unveils cavalcade of consumer products ( pc world ) pc world - first tvs , new printers , long - lasting inks , and projectors are targeted\ at living room and office ."
0 "sistani urges supporters to wait at najaf gates baghdad ( reuters ) - iraq 's top shi'ite cleric grand ayatollah ali al - sistani urged his supporters converging on najaf on thursday not to enter the battered holy city until he arrived , a senior aide said ."
0 costa rica quake a powerful early - morning earthquake in costa rica shook presidents and prime ministers from their beds while damaging houses and frightening several people into heart attacks .
3 apple itunes store cost varies apple computer ( nasdaq : aapl ) recently launched its apple itunes store in canada . but is a website really a store when all the company appears to be doing is charging different rates in each country ?
2 study says drug # 39;s dangers were apparent years ago merck and federal officials should have withdrawn the painkiller vioxx from the market as early as 2000 because studies of the drug had clearly shown that it doubled the risk of heart attacks
2 "daimlerchrysler , mitsubishi in venture automaker daimlerchrysler ag said wednesday it has signed a contract with japan # 39;s mitsubishi motors corp. in which the two companies renewed their commitment to joint production and development projects ."
1 athletics : dominant phillips takes long jump gold athens - dwight phillips of the united states completed a hat - trick of global long jump titles when he crushed the field with his opening leap in thursday # 39;s final to win olympic gold .
2 "oil hits \$53 on winter worries , nigeria london ( reuters ) - oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for u.s. crude on thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at nigerian oil terminals ."
0 "eritreans deported by libya hijack a plane khartoum , sudan -- armed with knives , eritrean deportees hijacked a plane that left libya carrying about 80 fellow eritreans and forced it to land yesterday in the sudanese capital before surrendering to security forces , officials said ."
1 "raptors fall to nuggets cbc sports online - after starting the season with three straight wins , the toronto raptors are heading back home with a losing record ."
2 "core intermediate goods prices # 39 ; rise fastest in nine years washington ( cbs.mw ) -- prices of us wholesale goods and services fell 0.1 percent in august , the labor department said friday . the core producer price index -- adjusted to exclude food and energy goods -- also fell 0.1 percent ."
3 "viagra bought online ' often fake ' half of viagra tablets sold on the internet are fake , research suggests ."
1 atlanta police arrest braves player on dui charge atlanta - an atlanta braves player is in the atlanta jail today after being arrested on a charge of driving under the influence . members of the dui task force arrested shortstop rafael furcal about 4:20 am
1 "agassi advances in madrid , henman eliminated top seed tim henman suffered a 6 - 4,4 - 6 , 6 - 2 defeat to croatian ivan ljubicic in the madrid masters on thursday as andre agassi advanced to the quarter - finals with a 6 - 1,6 - 3 victory over vincent spadea ."
2 "bp beats q3 forecasts on high oil price ( reuters ) reuters - bp plc , the world 's second largest oil\company , reported bumper third - quarter earnings on tuesday on\the back of high oil prices ."
0 activists want divestment from sudan ( ap ) ap - black activists and religious groups are pressing public pension funds to divest a purported # 36;91 billion in holdings of companies operating in oil - rich sudan .
0 1994 law designed to preserve guard jobs ( ap ) ap - a 1994 law strengthened job protections for national guard and reserve troops called to active duty . here are major provisions of the uniformed services employment and reemployment rights act ( userra ) .
1 "france surges into fed cup final defending champion france surged into the fed cup final , completing a 5 - 0 sweep of spain on thursday behind singles victories by nathalie dechy and tatiana golovin ."
3 "oracle to acquire peoplesoft oracle corp. announced today it has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire peoplesoft inc. for approximately \$10.3 billion . & lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2 "" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- ap&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
2 "yukos faces tax arrears of \$4bn moscow : russias tax ministry said on friday that it had raised its back tax claims against oil major yukos by a fifth for 01 , to 119 ."
1 celtic captain mcnamara out for a month celtic captain jackie mcnamara will be sidelined for at least a month after sustaining ankle ligament damage in tuesday # 39;s 3 - 1 champions league defeat to barcelona .
3 "microsoft fixes key sp2 issue ( newsfactor ) newsfactor - microsoft ( nasdaq : msft ) has released a windows xp service pack 2 update to fix an installation problem that was caused by a third - party adware program named "" t.v. media . """
1 closing ceremonies host city athens bid a final farewell to the athletes and guests of the 2004 summer games with a spectacular party under a full moon .
1 "barca wins again barcelona has moved 12 points clear at the top of spain # 39;s primera liga thanks to a 2 - 1 win at albacete . andres iniesta put barca ahead after just two minutes , but when mark gonzalez made it 1 - 1 with 17 minutes"
0 putin responds to terror the russian president puts some blame on his international critics -- and supports president bush
2 "new air routes to more profits major airlines can # 39;t make their low - cost competitors disappear into thin air , but they can fly away from them , which they are planning to do , to overseas routes where bargain - basement carriers don # 39;t go ."
3 dell : from factory floor to finished gear pc giant also wants to be your supplier of high - end home electronics . also : how your desktop gets bolted together .
3 "make hotels just like home hotel operators , take note : todays hotel guests are making a nonsense of room - pricing strategies with their aggressive , internet - aided discount - hunting ."
1 "astros 10 , pirates 5 houston mike lamb went four - for - five with a homer and four rb - is to lead the houston astros to their ninth straight win with a 10-to - five victory over the pittsburgh pirates today ."
0 "spilled oil , gas ignite in iraq 's south rumaila field basra , iraq ( reuters ) - oil and gas spilled during recent sabotage attacks on iraq 's southern oil pipelines ignited sunday and firefighters battled to douse the flames ."
3 "music file - sharing case heads to high court eeding the pleas of the entertainment industry , the us supreme court has agreed to consider calling a halt to internet file - sharing that allows millions of computer users to obtain free copies of movies and music ."
0 visit to a potemkin village gongzhong does not resemble any tibetan village in tibet . it is a village more from epcot center in walt disney world .
1 "al wrap : indians , twins split unique doubleheader new york ( reuters ) - ben broussard belted a two - run homer to give the cleveland indians a 5 - 2 win over the minnesota twins to salvage a split of a unique doubleheader on the final day of the regular season on sunday ."
1 "seminoles monday recap despite myriad miscues , florida state rallied from a seven - point halftime deficit to defeat syracuse 17 - 13 before 40,539 fans at the carrier dome ."
2 "american airlines raises ticket prices fort worth , texas -- the high cost of jet fuel is prompting american airlines to raise its domestic ticket prices . it is going to charge an extra \$5 for one - way flights , and \$10 per roundtrip ."
1 "yao thrills capacity crowd at first china nba game ( reuters ) reuters - yao ming 's houston rockets squeezed\past the sacramento kings on thursday in the first nba game to\be played in china , a country the fast - growing basketball\league deems a potential marketing mecca ."
1 "crazy fan disrupts weir # 39;s round in an unpleasant repeat of the athens games marathon fiasco , mike weir was grabbed by a fan as he walked to the 11th tee during the final round of the canadian open on sunday ."
0 fighting spreads in sunni triangle fierce battles between insurgents and us and iraqi forces killed at least 27 people today in baqouba and south of baghdad as us forces move against the last remaining pockets of resistance in fallujah .
1 flu sidelines clemens on sunday roger clemens was scratched from his start on sunday after spending most of the overnight hours battling a stomach virus . clemens # 39 ; blood pressure was slightly elevated
3 "e - mail and im get closer icq , an im service provider owned by america online , and mail2world inc. , a provider of messaging and collaboration services , this week revealed a free upgrade to the icqmail service that"
2 merck shares drop on report of documents about vioxx drug merck amp ; co. shares fell as much as 7 percent to their lowest level in more than eight years after the wall street journal said the drugmaker tried for years to stop safety concerns from hurting sales of its vioxx painkiller .
0 "italian woman 's veil stirs more than fashion feud the case of a muslim woman fined for wearing a veil has created a dispute involving politicians , civil rights groups and a fashion designer ."
1 "bulldogs , gators remember last miss. game ( ap ) ap - mississippi state is looking for another landmark win against florida ."
2 "kodak eliminating nearly 900 jobs in england , france _ eastman kodak co. announced tuesday it will cut nearly 900 jobs at three of its manufacturing facilities in europe as part of the company # 39;s shift from traditional film production to digital photography ."
1 sluman shoots course - mark 62 consistency was the key to jeff sluman # 39;s record - breaking round on thursday on the difficult copperhead course at the westin innisbrook resort .
2 "hca warns on third - quarter earnings hospital giant hca inc. said wednesday it expects third - quarter earnings to range between \$222 million and \$232 million , or 46 cents to 48 cents per share , including losses from hurricanes charley , frances"
2 "s amp;p cuts sbc , bellsouth debt ratings washington ( cbs.mw ) - standard amp ; poor # 39;s on tuesday cut the debt rating of bellsouth and sbc communications , citing stiff competition and potential problems in absorbing at amp;t wireless ."
2 "northrop grumman gets \$408 million pact defense contractor northrop grumman corp. on monday said it received a 10-year , \$408 million army contract to provide simulated battle command training support to army corps commanders - the latest award in"
1 "jury can hear of kobe accuser 's sex life ( ap ) ap - prosecutors suffered another setback monday in the kobe bryant sexual assault case , losing a last - ditch attempt to keep the nba star 's lawyers from telling jurors about the alleged victim 's sex life ."
0 militant rivals show unity behind arafat ( ap ) ap - the militant palestinian group hamas said friday it was setting aside its differences with ailing palestinian leader yasser arafat and called for a united palestinian leadership to work toward general elections .
0 "kashmiris reject indian pm # 39;s offer muzaffarabad , nov 17 : a multi - party alliance fighting indian rule in kashmir rejected on wednesday the economic package offered by indian prime minister dr manmohan singh during"
1 "chargers , rivers agree to deal the san diego chargers finally reached a contract agreement last night with quarterback philip rivers . rivers , the fourth overall choice in april # 39;s draft , agreed to a six - year deal worth about \$40 million , including"
2 "lehman may settle over enron new york , sept. 23 -- investment banking firm lehman brothers holdings inc. is nearing an agreement to pay approximately \$200 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit over its work for bankrupt energy trader enron corp. , sources familiar with the case said ."
1 "washington chooses a stadium site for expos the dc sports and entertainment commission outlined its plans tuesday night in a meeting with city government officials . an official involved in the process , speaking on condition of anonymity , told the associated"
0 "serbia , bosnian serbs fail to help war crimes tribunal , un says the governments of serbia and the bosnian serb enclave of bosnia - herzegovina have failed to bring war crimes suspects to the united nations tribunal , chief prosecutor carla del ponte told the security council ."
1 "nl wrap : expos end life in montreal with defeat to mets new york ( reuters ) - david wright and todd zeile both homered to lead the new york mets to an 8 - 1 win over montreal at shea stadium on sunday , handing the expos a heavy defeat in their final game before moving to washington next season ."
2 "data view : hk exports slow in july , but momentum intact hong kong ( dow jones)--hong kong # 39;s export expansion slowed a touch in july , as expected , but still continued at double - digit rates thanks to high trade volume with mainland china ."
3 sco postpones legal web site ( newsfactor ) newsfactor - the sco group is delaying the launch of a web site focusing on the details of ongoing litigation concerning the company 's intellectual property .
1 rugby - lions accept extra match on 2005 new zealand tour the british and irish lions have accepted an extra match on their tour of new zealand next year . the lions will now play the traditionally strong auckland provincial
2 "howard : telstra board will choose its ceo australian prime minister john howard said thursday that telstra corp. # 39;s board would choose its next chief executive , not the federal government , which has a majority stake in the telecommunications giant ."
3 "ibm to commercialize blue gene supercomputer fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago , ibm on monday announced it is making a commercial version of its blue gene system available to be aimed at businesses and scientific researchers ."
1 "nedved to rejoin czech national team after injury healed czech captain pavel nedved will return to the national soccer team once his knee is completely healed , he said in a statement which his manager zdenek nehoda provided tuesday ."
2 "oracle fails to inspire tech rally oracle corp. handed the software industry some positive earnings news after the bell on tuesday , but investors pulled cash from the sector on concerns that information technology spending has become anemic ."
0 "martin signals new flexibility to reach health deal with provinces ( canadian press ) canadian press - kelowna , b.c. ( cp ) - the federal government will seek a flexible medicare - reform agreement that could include individual deals with provinces , prime minister paul martin said wednesday ."
1 sharapova eases through to second consecutive final wimbledon champion maria sharapova reached her second consecutive final with a 6 - 2 6 - 3 victory over thailand # 39;s tamarine tanasugarn at the japan open on friday .
3 "polygon shapes on mars rock add to evidence of water curious polygon shapes on the surface of mars are among the latest evidence clearly suggesting the presence of water , and some of it may have appeared there even after the surface was bombarded by objects from distant space ."
0 "mexico migrant smugglers turning to sea ( ap ) ap - migrant smugglers are skirting heightened security along the border by using small boats to shuttle people from the under - supervised baja coast into southern california marinas and harbors , already jammed with legal commercial ships and pleasure boat traffic ."
1 "mlb not likely to punish steroid users ( ap ) ap - for all the fuss over reported admissions of steroid use by barry bonds , jason giambi and gary sheffield , major league baseball probably wo n't discipline them ."
1 wenger spares red - faced lehmann arsenal keeper jens lehmann was left red - faced in athens as two costly mistakes ensured that a champions league victory slipped through his sides fingers again .
0 "hurricane ivan again growing in strength , caribbean islands & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; islanders scrambled to put up storm shutters and buy water as hurricane ivan churned toward barbados just days after hurricane frances tore across the caribbean and through florida ."
2 fannie mae mess worries investors the fallout from allegations of serious accounting problems at fannie mae has rattled investors and could even bump up mortgage rates down the road .
1 "another major non - factor another major , another disappointment for tiger woods , the no . 1 ranked player in the world who has not won a major championship since his triumph at the 2002 u.s. open ."
2 "mortgage rates across the us climb mortgage rates around the country went up this week , although 30-year mortgages still were below 6 percent for a sixth straight week ."
2 stocks finish mixed in early close stocks finished mixed in post - holiday trading friday as wall street meandered through a shortened session . the major indexes ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the first weekend of holiday shopping and a key jobs report next week .
2 "toy safety glance 398,000 bumble bee toys distributed by graco children # 39;s products . graco received 26 reports of antennae breaking off the toys , including five reports of children who started to choke on the broken parts ."
3 "it seeing steady but slow growth : forrester projects 7 percent & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; tech companies waiting for a big resurgence in spending on computer hardware , software , networks and staff better plan to wait about four more years , forrester research projected yesterday ."
3 "ca n't hide your lying ... face ? in search of the ultimate lie detector , researchers turn to thermal facial scans , brain wiring and eyeball tracking . but deception still , well , deceives . by randy dotinga ."
0 leaders converge on melbourne prime minister john howard and labor leader mark latham will converge on melbourne today as the city gets into the swing of afl celebrations .
3 toshiba laptops with hd dvd soon major japanese computer maker toshiba aimes to sell laptop computers that are loaded with its next generation dvd drive by next year .
2 "justices to debate mail - order wine being freelance wine critics may sound like a sweet gig , but ray and eleanor heald have soured on it . because their home state , michigan , blocks direct shipments from out - of - state"
1 "bryant clinches maiden win bart bryant clinched his first pga tour title with a three - shot victory in the texas open in san antonio . the 41-year - old , who shot a 60 in his third round to move into a three - stroke lead , hit a final - round 67 to hold off patrick sheehan ."
0 "briton , two americans kidnapped in baghdad ( afp ) afp - two americans and a briton were abducted from their home in a plush baghdad district at dawn , in the latest blow in iraq 's five - month - old foreign hostage crisis , the interior ministry said ."
1 "singh knocks woods from no . 1 with victory at tpc of boston for it to happen on labor day became a perfectly fitting reward for vijay singh , golf # 39;s most noted laborer . the man from fiji who closes practices ranges for a living opened a new door in world golf monday ."
2 "lse says no to german exchange for a second time london ( cbs.mw ) - failed efforts to merge stock exchanges have littered the trading landscape in recent years , but the german stock exchange isn # 39;t giving up on creating a pan - european and british market for trading stocks and derivatives ."
1 "school # 39;s out for sterne a first win on the european tour - any tour , in fact - is a notable feat in any golfer # 39;s career . but the one by south african richard sterne in the madrid open yesterday deserves special mention ."
3 "amd rolls out low - cost net access device in india us chip maker advanced micro devices amd.n has unveiled a low - cost internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars , aimed at first - time technology users in the developing world ."
1 "mind more free now calcutta : anil kumble began the year looking to quickly reach 435 . he got there ( and went one better ) in dhaka on friday afternoon , the opening day of the second last test of 2004 ."
1 "iowa bests iowa st. former cyclone adam haluska does in his former team as he scores 20 points to lead the hawkeyes past iowa state , 70 - 63 , on friday ."
3 "idc sees continuing decline in pda market if a handheld device does n't have voice capabilities , a growing number of users around the world are n't interested , according to idc . for the third straight quarter , shipments of handheld devices such as personal digital assistants ( pdas ) fell as some prominent vendors decided to pull back from the market , idc said wednesday ."
2 "profit jumps at motorola , but shares trade lower ot quot ; gt ; motorola , the world # 39;s second - largest maker of cellphones , said yesterday that its profit more than quadrupled in the third quarter and revenue jumped 26 percent compared with the quarter"
2 "carrier # 39;s uphill climb us airways said yesterday it can emerge from bankruptcy a stronger airline , but acknowledged it needs deeper wage concessions from its pilots - something it has failed to get after two years of trying ."
1 wizards ' kwame brown suspended one game ( ap ) ap - the washington wizards suspended kwame brown for one game thursday for his actions during the previous night 's game against denver .
2 "sec wants fixes , instead of fines rather than rapping knuckles after abuse is uncovered , chairman william h. donaldson wants the sec staff to work with and get to know wall street well enough to get the jump on problems before investors lose money ."
2 "sec charges hollinger 's black with fraud ( reuters ) reuters - u.s. regulators filed fraud charges\on monday against former hollinger international inc. \chairman conrad black and his deputy , david radler , moving to\bar the two from serving as officers of a public company ."
2 "ca , partners move on as kumar faces charges concern over the fate of former computer associates international chairman and ceo sanjay kumar accompanied the collective sigh of relief felt by ca partners last week when federal prosecutors settled a two - year - old accounting fraud investigation with the"
0 "bombs kill 35 children in iraq three bombs exploded at a neighborhood celebration today in western baghdad , killing 35 children and seven adults , officials said ."
2 "qantas says record profit not big enough australia # 39;s flagship carrier qantas airways has reported a record annual net profit but warned oil prices threatened its performance , increasing the chance of a hike in ticket price surcharges to offset its fuel bill ."
0 taiwan votes on leaner parliament a vote is due to be held in taiwan on plans to halve the number of seats in the island 's famously heated legislature .
2 "us airways to alter flights us airways said it will change its flight schedules in february to increase departures at its charlotte and philadelphia hubs and create a mini - hub in fort lauderdale , fla."
1 "shanghai , qualifying : surprises all round michael schumacher spun and sauber looked strong this afternoon . fernando and jacques went sixth and thirteenth ."
2 "cendant to buy orbitz for \$1.25 billion chicago ( reuters ) - travel and real estate heavyweight cendant corp. on wednesday said it will buy travel web site orbitz inc. for about \$1.25 billion , making it the second - largest competitor in the online travel industry ."
3 "web sites keep tabs on campaign giving as a washington journalist during the 90s , i made frequent treks to the federal election commission to inspect cabinets full of campaign - finance reports to find out who was giving to whom ."
1 "argentina heads world cup qualifying group after brazil loses argentina moved atop south america # 39;s qualifying group for the 2006 soccer world cup with a 3 - 2 victory over venezuela , grabbing the lead after world champion brazil suffered its first defeat of the campaign ."
1 "live : chinese grand prix michael schumacher has set the stage for what promises to be a thrilling fightback through the field by qualifying at the back of the grid for the inaugural chinese grand prix , which starts at 0700 ."
3 "sun to shine spotlight on new operating system , solaris 10 sun microsystems sunw is expected to release a new version of its operating system today - a big part of the struggling computer maker # 39;s plan to save itself ."
1 "red sox spread good feeling across nation ( ap ) ap - it was a pinch - me morning . did the boston red sox really win the world series or was it all a sweet dream ? opened the shades , let in the sunlight , blinked at red , gold and orange leaves shimmering against a clear blue sky . it seemed too perfect , too real ."
1 "usoc letter to fig i write in response to your letter of august 26 , 2004 , which you asked the united states olympic committee to forward to olympic gold medalist paul hamm of the united states of america ."
0 final respects paid to arafat palestinians pay their last respects to yasser arafat after chaotic scenes at his burial in ramallah .
2 will this idea fly ? charge some travelers \$10 for showing up northwest airlines said it would begin charging a \$10 fee for issuing a ticket at its airport check - in desks .
2 "bank ' looks to block glazer bid ' the financial times claims nomura , the japanese bank , is involved in a plan to raise 200 m to block a takeover of man utd by malcolm glazer ."
1 "notre dame to interview utah # 39;s meyer university of notre dame officials are apparently prepared to interview utah football coach urban meyer as early as tonight , only two days after the school fired coach tyrone willingham after three seasons ."
1 spain hunts for fans who racially abused england players the spanish government responded to diplomatic pressure from britain yesterday by starting a search for fans who racially abused england players during a quot;friendly quot ; football match with spain .
0 "u.s. report : iraq did n't have wmds washington - saddam hussein 's weapons of mass destruction programs had deteriorated into only hopes and dreams by the time of the u.s .- led invasion last year , a decline wrought by the first gulf war and years of international sanctions , the chief u.s. weapons hunter found ..."
2 "opel workers abandon wildcat strikes bochum - workers at the opel carmaking plant in the city of bochum voted overwhelmingly wednesday to end their nearly week - long wildcat strike and were to return almost immediately to work , officials announced ."
1 schumacher in uncharted territory michael schumacher doesn # 39;t need to win the belgian grand prix on sunday to nail his unprecedented seventh formula one drivers title .
1 major league baseball box score colorado ( 7 ) vs arizona ( 1 ) - mid 6th - in progress colorado ab rh rbi bb so lob avg a miles 2b 4 0 1 0 0 0 1 .302 r clayton ss 2 0 2 0 1 0 0 .
3 "oxygen generator on space station fails the main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed , and the two astronauts on board will tap into an attached cargo ship 's air supply this weekend ."
2 slovaks and czechs reject french minister # 39;s suggestion over eu & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; the slovak and czech governments monday rejected a proposal by french finance minister nicolas sarkozy to axe structural funds for new eu members whose taxes were lower than the european average .
1 "eleusis wins long island # 39;cap ; personal legend wins turnback the & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; eleusis made a successful us debut by beating literacy by 2\\ lengths in aqueduct # 39;s saturday feature , the grade ii , \$150,000 long island handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older ."
1 "monkey chant fan banned from football for five years a football supporter who racially abused dwight yorke , the premiership striker , was banned yesterday from every soccer stadium in england and wales for five years ."
3 "internet access is free on ferries during tests tests of high - speed wireless internet service on one of the region # 39;s busiest ferry runs have been canceled , but the service , referred to as wi - fi , might still become available on that run , between seattle and bremerton , the ferry service said ."
0 "three egyptian policemen killed by israeli tank fire near border ( afp ) afp - three egyptian policemen were killed overnight by israeli tank fire on the tense border between egypt and the gaza strip when they were mistaken for palestinian arms smugglers , officials said ."
0 "caribbean braces for another hurricane ( ap ) ap - islanders scrambled to put up storm shutters and stock up on supplies as the fourth major hurricane of the season churned closer to the caribbean , packing sustained winds of 105 mph ."
3 "movie studios sue file traders the motion picture association of america slaps an undisclosed number of individuals with lawsuits , accusing them of sharing copyright flicks on the internet . by katie dean ."
0 "victory looms for karzai as vote probe continues hamid karzai was assured of a majority in afghanistans election to become its first democratically chosen president . with nearly 95 per cent of votes counted , the interim leader already has more than half"
1 indians strike back south africa were rocked by a two - wicket burst from off - spinner harbhajan singh just before tea on the fourth day of the second cricket test here today .
3 "us names cyber chief the department of homeland security has named an acting us cybersecurity chief as congress weighed whether to give the position greater clout to fight hackers , viruses and other online threats ."
2 "ge pledges to meet rules of disclosure in sec pact general electric co. yesterday agreed to a settlement with the securities and exchange commission , which accused the company of failing to provide shareholders"
2 "gencorp to reject steel partners offer -- cnbc gencorp ( gy.n : quote , profile , research ) is expected to reject a \$17 per share offer from us investment fund steel partners ii , according to a report by cnbc ."
2 "new siebel chief outlines chapter 2 for crm vendor after 10 years of focusing on product development and delivery , ceo michael lawrie says siebel had to recognize that technology is only one part of the crm equation ."
3 caymas to open with security gateways security start - up caymas systems launches monday with products to protect the flow of corporate data .
0 "u.s. : korea cloud not from nuclear blast seoul , south korea - a huge mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from north korea was not caused by a nuclear explosion , south korean and u.s. officials said sunday , but they said the cause was a mystery ..."
3 "hurricane center # 39;s projection on charley not far off , data show fort lauderdale , fla. - ( krt ) - despite criticism that it should have better anticipated hurricane charley # 39;s rapid intensification and quick turn , the national hurricane center # 39;s forecast wasn # 39;t that far off , a preliminary post - mortem shows ."
2 ryanair agrees to repay 4 m in an escrow account for the walloon & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; vueling writes quot;ryanair confirmed it had written to the walloon authorities and agreed to repay 4 m in an escrow account until ryanairs appeal is heard and the european courts make a definitive decision on this matter .
2 "united to seek more cuts from labor , elsewhere united airlines says it # 39;ll need even more labor cuts than anticipated to get out of bankruptcy . united told a bankruptcy court judge in chicago today that it intends to start talks with unions next month on a new round of cost savings ."
0 "n.korea hurls abuse at bush , calls him human trash seoul ( reuters ) - north korea hurled invective at president bush for a second day on tuesday , calling him a political idiot and human trash , and said six - party talks on pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions appeared doomed ."
2 "delta , pilots ok deal union officials representing 7,500 pilots at delta air lines said wednesday night they have reached a cost - cutting agreement with management , which presumably could halt , or at least"
1 "lehman aims for players with passion amelia island - tom lehman had yet to officially take the job as the next us ryder cup captain , and already his phone was ringing ."
0 "suicide car bomber hits baghdad checkpoint again ( reuters ) reuters - a suicide car bomber struck an entrance\to baghdad 's green zone government compound tuesday , 24 hours\after an almost identical attack at the same checkpoint on the\first anniversary of saddam hussein 's arrest ."
0 bangladesh seeks us intelligence cooperation bangladesh is willing to sign a protocol with the united states to set up a joint working group like india and pakistan did to enhance dhaka # 39;s capability to effectively deal with future terrorist acts in the country .
3 "china launches mapping satellite ( ap ) ap - china on sunday launched a satellite that will carry out land surveying and other scientific projects for several days and return to earth , government media reported ."
2 do - not - call bill could be introduced today the federal government hopes to introduce legislation today to establish a do - not - call registry for consumers who want to stop endless telemarketing pitches .
2 "oil price steadies after 5 percent slide london ( reuters ) - oil steadied on thursday after wednesday 's 5 percent retreat from record highs , as traders concluded that china 's surprise interest rate rise would not do much to dampen fuel demand growth ."
1 davis cup : australia takes 2 - 0 lead in world group playoff : lleyton hewitt gave australia a 2 - 0 lead in its davis cup world group playoff today with a record - setting 6 - 0 6 - 2 6 - 2 win over mehdi tahiri of morocco on grass at royal kings park .
2 "a senator # 39;s outrage delays passage of corporate tax bill the senate cleared a path on sunday for a bill to hand out about \$140 billion in corporate tax breaks , but it was blocked from a final vote by a fight over a provision aimed at helping reservists on duty in iraq ."
2 "colombia back in business , needs reforms - uribe colombia is back in business and the andean country has ample room for growth backed by aggressive and transparent government policies but with some challenges"
3 "shareholders approve aether changeover shareholders approved aether systems inc. 's sale of one of its two remaining operating divisions wednesday , a deal that will take the owings mills company out of the wireless business and nearly complete its transformation into a mortgage investment fund.&lt;br&gt;\&lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- the washington post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
2 "dreamworks moves shrek 3 to 2007 dreamworks announced today that it has decided to move its release of shrek 3 from november 2006 to may , 2007 . quot;we believe there are more than a half a dozen strong release windows available annually for our"
0 "baffled in loss , democrats seek road forward democrats said president bush 's defeat of senator john kerry by three million votes left the party facing its most difficult time in at least 20 years ."
1 costecu makes it two denisa costescu follows up her victory in indianapolis on saturday with another win at the veteran 's day 10 k sunday in washington .
3 "dare you fight the possessed tomatoes ? quirky , stick - figure "" kingdom of loathing "" shows continued promise of independent game - writing ."
1 fans put in position of deciding which team comes first say you # 39;re a raiders fan and the silver and black are playing the broncos in late december . you want denver to hurt the hurt that only comes with having your hiney handed to you .
2 "news corp plans for poison pill news corp , the media group led by rupert murdoch , on monday announced plans for a poison pill rights issue to prevent a hostile takeover by potential predators such as liberty media , one of the company # 39;s largest shareholders ."
0 kidnappers in iraq seize lebanese - american contractor an iraqi security official said gunmen abducted a lebanese - american contractor who worked with the us army in iraq . officials said gunmen snatched him when he answered the door at his baghdad home overnight .
0 "abducted turkish engineer killed in afghanistan the kidnapped turkish engineer was found dead in kunar province in east afghanistan on wednesday , one day after he was abducted by unknown gunmen , the afghan interior ministry said ."
3 "the playlist : what 's wrong with digital music stores ? ( pc world ) pc world - though digital music has come a long way , today 's online music stores still have significant problems . here 's my fix - it wish list ."
3 "coding viruses for the mind if as some have suggested religions are viruses of the mind , then it might make sense to separate the components of any given religion into two parts . the first part being those things which are necessary to maintain viral infection and which assist in the infection of new hosts . the second part is the payload : those instructions which the virus writer wishes those who have been infected to carry out or execute . my hope is that this method of analysis will assist others in understanding the structure of existing religions as well as those who aim to write one from scratch"
3 "us ponders \$250,000 bounty on spammers authorities in the us are considering a \$250,000 bounty on spammers in an attempt to close them down . the us federal trade commission ( ftc ) has suggested rewards of anything from \$100,000 to \$250,000 for information ."
2 "auto suppliers feel squeeze detroit -- new car and truck sales rose more than two per cent during the first 10 months of 2004 , but many of the companies that supply parts to the big automakers have little to celebrate -- their profits are shrinking as raw materials costs rise and"
3 "barrett : good business models vary widely bangalore , india - peer - to - peer ( p2p ) sharing would never have gathered momentum if the music industry had adopted models for distribution over the internet , said intel corp. chief executive officer craig barrett , addressing it executives in india friday ."
2 "indexes in japan fall short of hype japanese stocks have failed to measure up to an assessment made in april by merrill lynch # 39;s chief global strategist , david bowers , who said japan was quot;very much everyone # 39;s favorite equity market ."
2 aisin finishes deal for michigan land handy township -- a japanese auto supplier said thursday it completed the purchase of about 750 acres of michigan land for a proving ground .
3 outsourcing to arkansas a new kid on the block promises to give offshore outsourcing a run for its money -- by routing technology work to rural america . outsourcing blog
0 "u.s. alerts schools about terror threat washington - the education department has advised school leaders nationwide to watch for people spying on their buildings or buses to help detect any possibility of terrorism like the deadly school siege in russia . the warning follows an analysis by the fbi and the homeland security department of the siege that killed nearly 340 people , many of them students , in the city of beslan last month ..."
3 "spaceshipone wins x prize scaled composites # 39 ; spaceshipone broke the 100-km barrier for the second time , satisfying the conditions to win the \$10 million x prize ."
0 "north korea to review its role in nuclear talks seoul north korea is seriously reconsidering its role in talks on its nuclear programs because of what it sees as a concerted campaign to topple the government in pyongyang , the north korean foreign ministry said monday ."
3 "photos plus music equals an expensive ipod ( washingtonpost.com ) washingtonpost.com - first apple put some color on the ipod , when it offered the ipod mini in a palette of pastel hues , and now it has put some color inside it , in the form of the new ipod photo ."
3 "toyota : some security firms promise too much if "" it sounds like you are being offered a panacea , then it 's time to change the conversation , "" says an exec for the firm ."
3 "apple confirms more uk retail stores coming ; additional locations & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; apple computer confirmed thursday it plans to open two additional apple retail stores in the united kingdom in 2005 - one in birmingham , northwest"
0 "russian millionaire 's party heads lithuania poll , but coalition needed ( afp ) afp - a party led by a russian - born millionaire won the most votes in the first round parliamentary elections in lithuania , but apparently not enough to form a government on its own , initial results showed ."
2 "update 3 : lnm to buy isg for \$4.5b in cash , stock a privately - owned dutch steelmaker headed by billionaire lakshmi mittal is buying us - based international steel group inc. for about \$4 ."
0 "stock prices climb ahead of google ipo new york - investors shrugged off rising crude futures wednesday to capture well - priced shares , sending the nasdaq composite index up 1.6 percent ahead of google inc. 's much - anticipated initial public offering of stock . in afternoon trading , the dow jones industrial average gained 67.10 , or 0.7 percent , to 10,039.93 ..."
1 "he 's caught up in hurricane there was the \$5 million deutsche bank championship to prepare for and the ryder cup is a few weeks away , but the first order of business for jim furyk yesterday was to make sure his wife and children were headed for safety ."
1 "rams beat jets in ot , clinch playoff berth ( ap ) ap - the st. louis rams won a finale that , in the end , they needed much more than the new york jets . marc bulger threw for 450 yards and three touchdowns and jeff wilkins hit a 31-yard field goal with 3:03 left in overtime sunday to give the rams a 32 - 29 win over the new york jets , clinching their fourth playoff berth in five seasons under coach mike martz ."
3 "sap software exposes shipper 's financial errors the installation of sap financial software at a major london - based container transport firm exposed flaws in the company 's accounting systems and processes , forcing it to restate its earnings ."
3 "gartner : q2 server shipments rise on sun , dell strength server shipments and revenue increased in the second quarter , with low - cost servers based on linux or the windows operating system growing faster than their unix counterparts , according to research firm gartner inc."
3 "yahoo unveils animated shorts , sees new ad space ( reuters ) reuters - yahoo inc. said on\thursday that jibjab media will create two animated short films\as the internet company looks for ways to expand advertising by\adding new content ."
3 "siemens , freescale extend auto partnership siemens vdo automotive and freescale semiconductor have renewed their automotive relationship , representing about \$245 million for components including asics , microcontrollers , analog and sensor components , beginning in 2006 ."
3 "dell offers suse on servers dell ( quote , chart ) officials announced wednesday an agreement with linux distributor novell ( quote , chart ) to distribute and support suse enterprise server 9 on its single- and dual - processor line of servers ."
1 "tributes pour in for # 39;crazy horse # 39 ; hughes had been battling the illness for 15 months but deteriorated in the past few days , his wife barbara said . quot;he died at his home in sheffield with his family around him , quot ; she said ."
0 "tests show james died of heart attack los angeles - toxicology and other tests determined that funk singer rick james died last month from a heart attack due to an enlarged heart , with numerous drugs including methamphetamine and cocaine contributing factors , the county coroner announced thursday . the death was declared an accident , said coroner 's spokesman david campbell , who emphasized that none of the drugs were found to be at life - threatening levels ..."
1 dover # 39;s place in # 39;chase # 39 ; looks secure nascar officials spent several days last december going through different scenarios when they met to come up with their quot;chase for the nextel cup quot ; plan .
1 mcleish upset by novo punishment rangers manager alex mcleish has criticised the punishment handed out to nacho novo by the scottish football association . novo and celtic striker henri camara were both given one - match bans
3 "man arrested for fatally stabbing elderly parents saitama -- a middle - aged man who fatally stabbed his parents has been arrested , police said . hideo nakajima , an unemployed man from soka , saitama prefecture , apparently called police shortly before 8 pm , wednesday ."
1 rivers soaks up his big moment the game ball was retrieved following the celtics # 39 ; 107 - 73 victory over the knicks last night . it will be appropriately lettered and presented to coach doc rivers to commemorate his first win for the club .
0 "two us soldiers killed kabul -- two us soldiers died and another was injured when a bomb ripped through their patrol in southern afghanistan yesterday . the troops were attacked near deh rawood , a town 400 km southwest of kabul where"
2 "investors put 1.5bn tag on kidde shareholders in kidde , the fire protection group , have indicated they would be prepared to sell out if united technologies corporation ( utc ) , the us industrial conglomerate"
2 "st. paul travelers posts hurricane losses st. paul travelers co. , the second - largest business insurer in the united states , said wednesday that it estimates losses from hurricane ivan to be about \$94 million , and expects the losses to cut third - quarter earnings by about 14 cents per share ."
1 angels rally past a 's to clinch al west crown oakland ( reuters ) - garret anderson capped a three - run eighth inning rally with a run - scoring single as the anaheim angels edged the oakland athletics 5 - 4 saturday to capture their first al west pennant in 18 years .
1 "nfl games on tv ny jets ( 6 - 1 ) at buffalo ( 2 - 5 ) when , where : sunday , 1 p.m. , at orchard park , n.y. tv : ch . 4 . last meeting : new york won , 16 - 14 , oct. 10 . comments : the jets pulled out the first meeting , 16 - 14 , on a late 38-yard doug brien field goal . chad pennington threw for a season high 310 yards in that game , 90 of which went to ..."
1 "federer to meet hewitt in masters cup final houston , tx ( sports network ) - world no . 1 roger federer of switzerland and third - seeded lleyton hewitt each posted straight - set wins and advanced to sunday # 39;s final at the lucrative 2004 tennis masters cup ."
3 "u.s. rules out dam removal for salmon recovery ( reuters ) reuters - a bush administration decision to\eliminate the possibility of removing dams to save endangered\u.s. pacific northwest salmon species is a huge blow to\protection efforts , an environmental group said on wednesday ."
1 donald leads by two in dunhill links ( ap ) ap - luke donald shot a 4-under - par 68 saturday for a two - stroke lead after three rounds of the dunhill links championship .
1 "british grand prix gets axed the british grand prix has been dropped from the provisional calendar of formula one races for next year , media reports said yesterday ."
0 "britain awaits results of n.korea blast fact - finding trip ( afp ) afp - britain is awaiting the findings from a technical analysis of what a group of diplomats saw at the site of a huge explosion in north korea last week , britain 's minister for east asia said ."
3 air force to launch enterprise microsoft initiative the u.s. air force tomorrow plans to announce an enterprisewide microsoft software initiative that some analysts see as a prime example of how users can leverage their spending power to force vendors to deliver more secure products .
3 aol updates audio video search singingfish aol updates audio video search singingfish\\rumors are floating that market leaders google along with yahoo ! and microsoft ( msn ) are working on an improved multimedia searching capabilities . aol entered into the field with their acquisition of singingfish inc. around a year ago.\\singingfish inc. would be today announcing their updated services to ...
0 "parliament passes no - confidence bid nairobi , kenya -- somalia 's parliament passed a motion of no - confidence against the new prime minister and his cabinet yesterday , an official said , effectively sacking a government that had been expected to restore order to the country after 13 years of anarchy and war . the deputy speaker of the 275-member transitional parliament , dalhar omar , said 153 members voted against prime minister ..."
3 "consumers would pay in phone proposal a proposal backed by a coalition of telephone carriers would cut billions of dollars in fees owed by long - distance companies to regional phone giants but would allow the regional companies to make up some of the difference by raising monthly phone bills for millions of consumers . & lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- the washington post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
2 "cingular planning major 3 g wireless rollout just as the at amp;t buy helped cingular move ahead of verizon wireless to the top of the industry in terms of size , the new network would likely give it an overall faster network , a distinction most say verizon can now boast ."
1 group e : arsenal mystery continues arsenal wasted a golden opportunity to virtually guarantee themselves a place in the knockout phase of the champions league when they were held to a 1 - 1 draw by panathinaikos at highbury on tuesday .
0 rebel attacks hit baghdad as rumsfeld visits iraq a rocket attack and suicide car bombing killed at least four people in baghdad sunday as defense secretary donald rumsfeld began an unannounced visit to iraq to gauge efforts to calm violence before january elections .
2 stocks open lower ; inflation data weighs new york ( reuters ) - u.s. stocks opened lower on tuesday after a government report showing a much larger - than - expected rise in u.s. producer prices in october raised inflation concerns .
1 belarus # 39 ; nesterenko fastest in women # 39;s 100 m first round belarus # 39 ; yuliya nesterenko became the fastest woman to qualify for the women # 39;s 100 meters second round at the olympic games here on friday .
2 "growing auto losses cloud ford # 39;s outlook ford motor co. swung to a third - quarter profit , but losses at the automakers global automotive operations widened , underscoring the difficulty ford still faces"
0 "british fm makes surprise trip to iraq children collect usable metal parts from the site of a car bomb explosion in baghdad , iraq , october 4 . ap . baghdad ( afp ) - britain # 39;s foreign secretary jack straw paid a surprise visit to iraq on tuesday amid"
1 "notes : kahne , harvick have verbal confrontation avondale , ariz. - some sparks flew between rookie kasey kahne and kevin harvick at the conclusion of sunday # 39;s checker auto parts 500 ."
0 "saudis take a small dose of democracy for the first time in 41 years , saudi arabia is allowing local elections . the ruling family 's goal , political analysts and diplomats say , is to determine whether a more open government might help defuse a rising armed threat by muslim militants in the kingdom ."
2 "molson chief airs doubts the ceo of molson inc. raised doubts about his company # 39;s deal with adolph coors co. , telling a canadian newspaper he doesn # 39;t know whether his shareholders will ok the merger , even though it # 39;s quot;the best deal ."
2 "discovery channel tests power of licensing by rushing more than 700 products under the american chopper brand as part of a new in - house licensing program , the cable channel is relying more heavily on licensing to market shows ."
1 "quick duff puts kerr # 39;s men into fast lane brian kerr took his ireland squad to the dogs last wednesday , but the evening spent watching greyhounds race was not solely about relaxation ."
2 us travelers face weather delays on holiday journey ( update2 ) travelers faced weather delays across the us as they took to the highways and airways today to begin what industry experts say will be the biggest thanksgiving travel weekend since 2000 .
0 confusion over afghan un hostages 17 november 2004 -- afghanistan # 39;s interior ministry believes three un workers abducted nearly three weeks ago in afghanistan are probably still being held in the area .
0 "britain 's not - so - civil war : hunters outfoxed ? if hunting is banned in britain , the pro - hunt lobby says its supporters will continue to hunt illegally ."
2 "hartford sees \$91 mln in charley losses new york ( reuters ) - hartford financial services group inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = hig.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;hig.n&lt;/a&gt ; on tuesday became the latest insurer to issue a profit warning tied to hurricane charley , the strongest storm to hit florida in a dozen years ."
3 "groups offers beer for blood donations ( ap ) ap - some in michigan who roll up their sleeves to donate blood will get a racetrack t - shirt , hat and pin . sponsors in san diego have given away whale - watching trips . on wednesday , the cleveland regional transit authority handed out vouchers for a pint of any beverage , including beer , in exchange for a pint of blood ."
2 "pfizer hikes warning on bextra skin risk new york ( reuters ) - pfizer inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = pfe.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;pfe.n&lt;/a&gt ; said on friday it is sending additional information to healthcare professionals about its arthritis drug bextra , a cox-2 product in the same class as the withdrawn drug vioxx ."
2 "bush signs \$136 billion tax - cut bill with no fanfare washington president bush has signed into law the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades . bush signed the bill today with no fanfare , during a flight on air force one to a campaign stop in pennsylvania ."
2 "wall street set for a flat start ( reuters ) reuters - wall street was set for a flat start on\tuesday as investors braced themselves for a slew of data , with\a steadier dollar helping to offset the impact of firmer crude\oil prices ."
0 "30,000 more sudanese threaten to cross to chad -un ( reuters ) reuters - some 30,000 sudanese , victims of fresh\attacks by arab militia inside darfur , have threatened to cross\into chad , the u.n. refugee agency warned on friday ."
1 eck : a court would have cleared novo rangers manager alex mcleish claims nacho novo would have been vindicated had his case been dealt with as a civil hearing . the striker was banned for one game and had 12 penalty points added to his record
2 "american economist expected to win nobel ( ap ) ap - americans have dominated the annual nobel memorial prize in economic sciences five years running , and it may not surprise nobel watchers if the trend continues ."
1 "louisiana tech bulldogs ruston , louisiana ( ticker ) -- no . 17 fresno state could not overcome a dominant performance by ryan moats or a poor one by paul pinegar ."
3 "microsoft offers sp2 compatibility guide security - focused windows xp update can be tough on applications . guidelines are meant to help professionals "" test and mitigate . """
2 schumer # 39;returns # 39 ; fire at retailers sen. charles schumer yesterday criticized retail grinches who are stealing christmas by blacklisting customers who return too many gifts .
0 "reuters poll : bush keeps three - point lead on kerry ( reuters ) reuters - president bush holds a slim\three - point lead over democratic rival john kerry one week\before the nov. 2 presidential election , according to a\reuters / zogby poll released on tuesday ."
2 "report finds handheld device market in continued decline the worldwide market for handheld devices saw its third successive quarter of year - over - year decline in the third quarter of 2004 , according to a new report released by idc ."
0 "skirmish outside gaza camp kills 5 gaza city -- palestinian gunmen and israeli troops fought pitched battles thursday on the outskirts of the largest refugee camp in the gaza strip , with schoolchildren scampering through sandy alleyways just yards from the fighting ."
1 "marlins righthander burnett to miss friday # 39;s start miami , fl ( sports network ) - florida marlins starting pitcher aj burnett is hampered with inflammation in his right elbow and will miss his scheduled start on friday against the atlanta braves ."
1 "japanese baseball players set to strike japanese baseball players will strike for the first time if owners proceed with a proposed merger of two teams , the players # 39 ; union said monday ."
3 titan reveals its purple patches london : unprecedented pictures of the purple atmospheric haze on titan have been captured by the cassini spacecraft during its closest approach yet to saturn # 39;s largest moon .
3 toshiba wins hd dvd support four film studios are expected to release movies on the new hd format in the last quarter of 2005 . tokyo ( reuters ) - toshiba corp.
0 hk democrats to take seats a new crop of hong kong democrats are due to be sworn in to the legislative council .
3 "aol properties sign girafa for thumbnail search images aol properties sign girafa for thumbnail search images\\girafa.com inc. announced today that the compuserve , netscape , aim and icq properties of america online , inc. , have signed an agreement with girafa to use girafa 's thumbnail search images as an integrated part of their search results.\\using girafa 's thumbnail search service , search users can ..."
1 "jets : abraham is likely to miss 3 games though coach herman edwards ruled defensive end john abraham out for only this sunday # 39;s game against the steelers with a sprained lateral collateral ligament in his right knee , he # 39;ll be"
1 cricket : boje pulls out of tour to india south africa # 39;s vice - captain nicky boje has pulled out of the team to tour india next week because he has not been given any assurance by the indian police that he would not be arrested in connection with the 2000 match - fixing saga .
1 dissecting the nhlpa # 39;s proposal for a new cba a closer look at the new offer from the nhl players # 39 ; association : rollback : the whopping 24 pay cut on all existing player contracts is a monstrous concession .
2 "indian inflation peaks on imports indian inflation hits its highest level in more than three years , boosted by increasing energy and food costs ."
0 at least 10 iraqis killed in insurgent attack officials in iraq say at least 10 iraqis have been killed and several others wounded in separate insurgent attacks across the country .
3 "lycos europe pauses anti - spam efforts lycos europe # 39;s controversial anti - spam efforts had a bumpy first week , with various availability problems , some of which may have been caused by the same spammers the site targeted with distributed denial of service ( ddos ) attacks ."
2 "treasuries mount rally despite inflation new york ( reuters ) - u.s. treasury prices rallied on wednesday as inflation excluding food and energy , one of the federal reserve 's preferred price measures , proved less dramatic than bond bulls had feared ."
1 "martin wins second straight race markko martin won his second consecutive world rally championship race on sunday to clinch the rally of catalunya . the estonian , driving a ford , followed up his recent victory in"
3 "card fraud unit nets 36,000 cards in its first two years , the uk 's dedicated card fraud unit , has recovered 36,000 stolen cards and 171 arrests - and estimates it saved 65 m ."
1 "mosley unable to escape winkys jab las vegas , nv : you have to give credit to sugar shane mosley . for the second time in his career , the former world champion valiantly tried to reverse a thorough beating by jumping headfirst into an immediate rematch ."
2 "reports : china will see more shortages shortages of coal and electricity are expected to fail to keep up with demand this winter , state media reported monday . the national power regulatory commission reported high demand for virtually every region"
2 "trustees worry on oversight a month after federal regulators adopted sweeping new rules for mutual fund oversight , fund trustees remain concerned about their ability to serve as watchdogs over fund managers and others who handle investor money , a new survey shows ."
1 "mauresmo rallies to take advanta title new york ( reuters ) - top seed amelie mauresmo rallied to beat russia 's sixth - seeded vera zvonareva 3 - 6 , 6 - 2 , 6 - 2 to complete a successful defense of her advanta championship title in philadelphia on sunday ."
0 "israel won # 39;t attend london mideast conference israel will not attend a middle east conference in london early next year but backs its stated aim of fostering palestinian reform in pursuit of peace after yasser arafat # 39;s death , a senior official says ."
0 negotiations for hostages in afghanistan fall short militants holding hostage three foreign un workers in afghanistan said they negotiated yesterday with afghan government and un officials in southern afghanistan but that the meeting ended without results .
3 "spaceport mum on frances shuttle delays ( ap ) ap - the director of the hurricane - ravaged kennedy space center refused to speculate tuesday whether the damage will thwart plans to resume shuttle flights next spring , but his words offered little hope of an on - time launch ."
0 "pakistan province focuses on prayers , curbing vice ( reuters ) reuters - cinemas are barred from hoisting movie bill - boards and shopkeepers are afraid to display posters featuring women in the historic northern pakistani city of peshawar ."
2 "new drug extends multiple sclerosis options 25/11/2004 - the first in a completely new class of drug for multiple sclerosis has been approved in the us , opening up a new avenue of treatment for sufferers of the debilitating diseases and potential blockbuster revenues for developers elan and biogen"
2 "alcoa shares fall most since april in europe after forecast shares of alcoa inc. , the world # 39;s biggest aluminum producer , fell the most in almost five months in europe after the company said third - quarter profit from continuing operations will be below analysts # 39 ; estimates ."
1 woods wins dunlop phoenix miyazaki - tiger woods shot a 3-under 67 sunday to win the dunlop phoenix for his first title since february and first victory in japan .
3 "group seeks ways to prosecute cybercrime ( ap ) ap - governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways thursday to jointly combat cybercrime , whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the internet 's popularity ."
3 aol shows safe chat rooms secure usb tokens used to verify a child 's age before allowing him to chat .
1 kederis proclaims innocence olympic champion kostas kederis today left hospital ahead of his date with ioc inquisitors claiming his innocence and vowing : quot;after the crucifixion comes the resurrection . quot ; ...
2 "corporate krueger haunts peoplesoft a few weeks ago the then - ceo of peoplesoft , craig conway , posed the following question to attendees at a technology conference : quot;have you ever had a bad dream that never ended ?"
3 "cox brings voip service to more cities company also plans to launch a business - class net phone service in roanoke , va. , as cable providers battle to gain market share ."
1 "warren tones down his bark # 39 ; # 39;the views of the host do not necessarily reflect the views of the station or its sponsors . # 39 ; # 39;. the browns were not thrilled when warren said he would gladly pay a \$50,000 fine to rub out roethlisberger , who"
3 "ibm plans web meeting service , takes aim at webex ibm 's new lotus web conferencing service , expected to be offered next month , requires that users simply register an account and have an internet connection , a web browser and a phone ."
1 tigers exercise trammell # 39;s option the tigers face plenty of decisions on players from here on out . their option on the manager was a quick one . two days after alan trammell completed his second season at
0 "qassam rockets hit western negev community two qassam rockets landed in the western negev on saturday morning , causing damage to a home . no casualties were reported . the rocket fire originated from the northern gaza strip ."
1 "paralympics : china surges as first doping cases result in lifetime & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; athens ( afp ) - the athens paralympics weathered its first doping scandal , while juggernaut china continued to dominate the competition , racking up nearly twice as many as second - place britain over the first four days of competition ."
1 "smith says harmison is the weakest link the south africa captain graeme smith has stirred things up before today # 39;s first test against england by claiming that steve harmison , the world # 39;s leading bowler , is mentally vulnerable and can be disarmed for the rest of the five - test series if the"
3 astronomers ready for comet - smashing mission nasa and university astronomers are eagerly awaiting the launch of a space probe bound to collide with a comet and give researchers a glimpse inside the solar systems icy wanderers .
0 un deadlock defeats cloning ban the united nations has shelved efforts to draft a treaty banning the cloning of human embryos in a setback for the bush administration .
1 "fresno st. blows out no . 13 kansas state ( ap ) ap - paul pinegar threw two touchdown passes to matt rivera and ran for another score , and fresno state upset no . 13 kansas state 45 - 21 on saturday ."
3 "mpaa takes filesharers to court the motion picture association of america has gone on the offensive in its battle against piracy and peer - to - peer sharing of movies , and has launched more than 200 civil suits against users it identifies as being the worst offenders ."
2 "coke to pay new ceo same as predecessor coca - cola co. ( ko.n : quote , profile , research ) , which warned earlier this week of lower - than - expected profits this year , said on friday it will pay chairman and chief executive neville isdell \$1 ."
1 "swimming : phelps eases into world short course 200 free final indianapolis , united states : athens olympic star michael phelps made a relatively relaxed start on the first day of the seventh world short course swim championship , qualifying second for the 200 m freestyle final ."
0 soldiers face abu ghraib hearings four us soldiers charged with abusing iraqi prisoners are set to face pre - trial hearings in germany .
0 al - jazeera man remanded in spain a spanish court remands tayseer alouni and eight others in custody ahead of their trial for suspected al - qaeda links .
3 "explorers find ancient city in remote peru jungle ( reuters ) reuters - an ancient walled city complex\inhabited some 1,300 years ago by a culture later conquered by\the incas has been discovered deep in peru 's amazon jungle,\explorers said on tuesday ."
3 "u.s. wildlife refuges facing grave threats a sweeping wildlife preserve in southwestern arizona is among the nation 's 10 most endangered refuges , due in large part to illegal drug and immigrant traffic and border patrol operations , a conservation group said friday ."
0 scotland awaits smoking decision the scottish cabinet is to meet amid signs it will opt to introduce a ban on smoking in public places .
1 morocco # 39;s el guerrouj olympic champion morocco # 39;s hicham el guerrouj won in athens tuesday an olympic title in the 1500 m race after two failed attempts in sydney and atlanta .
0 presidential campaign turns even nastier ( afp ) afp - the us presidential race hit a new low in nastiness with images of osama bin laden and epithets such as quot;despicable quot ; and quot;un - american quot ; bombarding voters before a crucial series of televised debates .
0 "india watches in awe as two grand families feud in public ( canadian press ) canadian press - new delhi ( ap ) - on one side is the dynasty that has dominated indian politics for half a century . on the other is the family of india 's most popular actor , a man so revered that his fans have been known to commit suicide out of loyalty to him ."
0 "halliburton leading contender in construction of british aircraft carriers : report ( afp ) afp - halliburton , the oil services giant once run by us vice president dick cheney , has emerged as a leading contender to manage the construction of two british aircraft carriers , the sunday telegraph said ."
3 "prosecutors say ebbers lied to obtain loans court documents show federal prosecutors have told lawyers for former worldcom inc. chief executive bernard j. ebbers that they plan to argue he lied about the telecommunications giant 's financial condition in order to get personal loans . & lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- the washington post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
2 "gm , daimler go green team - up will help the companies compete and fill gaps in both firms ' portfolios ."
1 golf : clarke # 39;s 11-shot torment and then crashed out of it with a sextuple - bogey 11 . the nightmare came on the infamous 536-yard 17th at valderrama where
0 "iran leader reasserts arms views new york iran # 39;s foreign minister has said that his country will never give up its right to develop nuclear technology for peaceful use , though he denied any intent to produce nuclear weapons ."
2 "coca - cola will not sell low - carb c2 in uk coca - cola has decided not to sell its c2 brand in the uk , one of the company # 39;s biggest markets , raising doubts about the future of the mid- calorie soft drink just six months after its launch in north america and japan ."
3 ibm to use dual - core opteron big blue will use amd 's chip in a high - performance server but is n't yet planning a general - purpose opteron system .
0 "kerry assails bush troop withdrawal plan ( afp ) afp - democratic white house hopeful senator john kerry warned that president george w. bush 's plan to withdraw 70,000 troops from europe and asia would hinder the war on terrorism and embolden north korea ."
1 "chicago bulls silence utah jazz , 101 - 99 ( ap ) ap - ben gordon scored a career - high 22 points , including four free throws in the final minute , to lead the chicago bulls past the utah jazz 101 - 99 wednesday night to avoid an 0 - 10 start that would have been the worst in franchise history ."
2 "some think this metal is golden so many disasters to avoid , so many uncertainties to resolve , no wonder so many investors have been cautious about buying stocks and bonds ."
1 "inside info : man utd shares drop man united # 39;s share price has fallen by just over 2.5 , less than expected after the resignation of malcolm glazer # 39;s bankers jp morgan ."
0 mofa releases new names of indonesian hostages jakarta ( antara ) : the ministry of foreign affairs offered up on tuesday yet new names of two indonesian women that were released by iraqi abductors on monday .
3 "cyber - security to get higher - profile leader homeland security secretary tom ridge said yesterday that the role of overseeing computer security and the internet should have a higher profile at the agency , in the face of increasing concern from technology executives and experts that cyber - security is getting inadequate attention ."
1 ncaa notifies baylor baylor received its notice of allegations thursday from the ncaa about infractions in its men 's basketball program discovered after the death of player patrick dennehy .
0 "australia , us seal free trade agreement ( afp ) afp - australia and the united states sealed a free trade agreement to start january 1 , 2005 after clearing last - minute obstacles ."
2 "gm may close plant in europe detroit ( reuters ) - general motors corp. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = gm.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;gm.n&lt;/a&gt ; will likely cut some jobs in europe and may close a plant there as part of a restructuring plan under development to try to return the region to profitability , the u.s. automaker said on wednesday ."
0 german leader to arrive in china german chancellor gerhard schroeder was preparing sunday to arrive in china for the start of a five day asian tour monday to discuss trade and bilateral ties .
1 hakkinen back at mercedes finland # 39;s two - time formula one champion mika hakkinen ended his three year exile from motor sport on saturday agreeing to drive for the mercedes team in the 2005 german touring car championship .
0 "earthquakes shake central japan ; bullet train resumed ( update4 ) a series of earthquakes shook central japan in niigata prefecture , where quakes that began last month have killed more than 30 people ."
3 "self - sustaining killer robot creates a stink it may eat flies and stink to high heaven , but if this robot works , it will be an important step towards making robots fully autonomous ."
1 "bonds distorts numbers and history i find myself privately hoping that barry bonds gets nailed . is that bad ? is it un - american ? he # 39;s still innocent , you know , although less innocent than he was a few days ago ."
2 "aol is said to plan 700 layoffs america online , the country # 39;s leading internet service , is preparing to lay off as many as 700 of its 13,000 employees in the united states , according to an executive knowledgeable about its plans ."
0 "latham stands by bali claims candidate federal labor leader mark latham has ruled out disendorsing queensland labor candidate ivan molloy , over comments about the bali bombings ."
1 "marshall carries w. va. to victory the senior quarterback rushed for 110 yards , threw for a touchdown and even punted a quick kick in the mountaineers # 39 ; 31 - 19 victory over connecticut last night ."
2 "dollar stuck , cpi offers little direction tokyo ( reuters ) - the dollar moved in tight ranges on wednesday as most investors shrugged off lower - than - expected u.s. inflation data and stuck to the view the u.s. federal reserve would continue raising rates ."
1 "han earns a hand with playoff triumph hee - won han made a 4-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat lorie kane and win the safeway classic on sunday at portland , ore."
2 us 2-year treasuries fall for week as fed raises target rate the benchmark two - year us treasury note had its biggest weekly decline in a month on speculation the federal reserve will follow up this week # 39;s interest - rate increase with at least one more this year .
3 "xandros rolls out linux desktop management app linux desktop vendor xandros inc. on tuesday announced the availability of its new xandros desktop management server ( xdms ) application , which gives it administrators the tools to roll out , configure and maintain mass deployments of linux - equipped pcs ."
3 recording industry sues 750 computer users los angeles - the recording industry on thursday filed another round of copyright infringement lawsuits against people it said were illegally distributing songs over the internet .
1 "= = = houston re - signs vizcaino to one - year contract = = = houston , tx ( sports network ) - the houston astros re - signed free agent infielder jose vizcaino to a one - year contract on friday . vizcaino appeared in 138 games for the astros in 2004 , his fourth season with"
1 "pantano replaced by glock jordan have terminated the contract of italian driver giorgio pantano and called in timo glock as a replacement . the team said contractual difficulties were behind the split , and confirmed german glock would race in sunday # 39;s inaugural chinese grand prix ."
3 "remote control could save soldiers ' lives ( ap ) ap - unmanned aerial vehicles and other so - called "" stand - off "" weapons , whether currently used or in secret testing , belong to a developing high - tech arsenal that the u.s. military says will help minimize casualties as it battles insurgents ."
1 "walter smith named manager of scottish soccer team , succeeding & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; after the german # 39;s failure to revive the ailing national team , the scottish football association has opted for a rare rangers - celtic linkup at the top with former rangers manager smith working with assistant tommy burns , his old rival at celtic ."
1 "today 's schedule college hockey : men -- stonehill at umass - dartmouth , 7:30 p.m. ; franklin pierce at assumption , 7:30 p.m. ; women -- sacred heart at holy cross , 7 p.m."
0 "australian man killed by shark on great barrier reef ( canadian press ) canadian press - cairns , australia ( ap ) - a 38-year - old australian man bled to death saturday after he was rescued from the jaws of a shark while spearfishing on the great barrier reef , authorities said ."
0 "taliban suicide bomber kills girl , wounds 6 others kabul - a man with six grenades strapped to his body killed himself and a 12-year - old girl on a busy street in kabul saturday , police said ."
1 "4-to-6 defense : urlacher out lovie smith # 39;s monday morning started off with a phone call from tony dungy , his longtime friend and former boss . the indianapolis colts # 39 ; coach was too early to offer condolences ."
0 "paris tourists search for key to ' da vinci code ' ( reuters ) reuters - a funny thing happened on the way to the\mona lisa . visitors to the louvre museum in paris , home of the\world 's most famous painting , started quizzing tour guides\about dan brown 's best - selling novel "" the da vinci code . """
1 "guinn # 39;s lack of fire does him in amazing what a change of scenery will do . after moving training camps from houston to san antonio after a couple of lackluster performances , featherweight contender rocky"
3 "microsoft closes hotmail to outlook and outlook express users from today , new users of microsoft # 39;s outlook and outlook express won # 39;t be able to view hotmail emails for free . the company has announced that in future the service will only be available to subscribers of the msn premium services costing \$19 ."
3 "ibm delivers websphere 6.0 ibm on wednesday formally announced the next major release of websphere , code - named vela , which company officials see as an integral building block for both its ongoing soa ( service - oriented architecture ) and on demand strategies ."
3 "intel posts higher profit , sales computer - chip maker intel corp. said yesterday that earnings for its third quarter were \$1.9 billion -- up 15 percent from the same quarter a year ago -- but the company cautioned that computer - processor demand in the united states is likely to remain low ."
3 "linux groups patch image flaw com december 8 , 2004 , 2:48 pm pt . several flaws in common linux code used to process graphics in the gnome desktop environment could allow an attacker to compromise a computer that"
1 "stanford ties arizona in poll media splits on who # 39;s favorite in & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; the two teams that shared the pac-10 women # 39;s basketball title last season -- stanford and arizona -- are primed to share it again , according to the annual poll released at pac-10 media day tuesday at hp pavilion in san jose ."
2 "peoplesofts big bash see you next year in las vegas , proclaimed a marquee at the peoplesoft user conference in san francisco in late september . it was one of many not - so - subtle attempts by the company to reassure its customers"
3 "nokia sees strong demand for smartphones and camera phones in 2005 nokia has forecast that smartphone shipments worldwide are expected to increase to 238 million units by 2008 , up from 23 million this year , according to anssi vanjoki , executive vice president and general manager of multimedia at nokia ."
3 orange tells customers to talk now european carrier orange is rolling out its own push to talk service ahead of efforts to create a standardized ptt system . european mobile carrier orange has announced
2 government to sell stake in oil business the canadian government is getting out of the oil - and - gas business by selling off its stake in petro - canada for about \$3.1 billion .
1 "the russians are back st. paul , minn . outclassed and completely humiliated by the russians here last night , the reeling and desperate americans are planning wholesale lineup changes to get back on track in the world cup ."
0 "taiwan invites china to air talks taiwan invited china to send envoys to the island to discuss direct charter flights on monday , a day after taiwan president chen shui - bian called for peace talks between the rivals ."
2 "bt group set to buy us infonet for \$1bn london : britains bt group is hoping to make a dramatic return to the us with a \$1bn acquisition of californian telecoms group infonet services , the sunday times reported ."
0 "blair , paisley confer on n. ireland british prime minister tony blair met in london with democratic unionist leader ian paisley monday about power sharing with northern ireland # 39;s assembly ."
1 "the red sox gaze ahead after much looking back the boston red sox are already thinking about next year , the year after and , above all , how to avoid another eight - and - a - half - decade drought ."
3 "big television remember neo # 39;s dilemma in the matrix ? morpheus offers him two views of reality , extending a blue pill in his left hand and a red one in his right ."
2 "her aim : give tufts - nemc intensive care for 10 years , ellen zane oversaw community doctors for partners healthcare , the parent organization of massachusetts general and brigham and women 's hospitals and the biggest and most profitable hospital and physician network in massachusetts . then in december , she became chief executive of a very different institution : tufts - new england medical center in boston 's chinatown neighborhood . tufts - nemc is not only smaller , it 's ..."
3 "science ; as ice thaws , arctic peoples at loss for words science news , iceland , what are the words used by indigenous peoples in the arctic for quot;hornet , quot ; quot;robin , quot ; quot;elk , quot ; quot;barn owl quot ; or quot;salmon ?"
2 "health insurance costs soar , workers hit ( reuters ) reuters - health insurance premiums rose five\times faster than u.s. workers ' salaries this year , according\to a survey released on thursday that also showed slippage in\the percentage of american workers covered by employer health\plans ."
1 han wins safeway classic hee - won han sank a five - foot birdie putt at the first playoff hole to beat lorie kane and claim the lpga safeway classic crown won by annika sorenstam for the past two years .
1 "champions league : arsenal 1 , psv eindhoven 0 arsenal benefited from an own - goal in a 1 - 0 win over psv eindhoven in its opening champions league match at highbury on tuesday . the gunners largely dominated the group e match , with jose antonio"
2 japanese bank makes hostile bid in takeover battle the biggest - ever takeover battle in japan got even bigger today as sumitomo mitsui sought to disrupt a rival 's expansion plans with a \$29 billion hostile bid for ufj .
1 "strahan out for the season it # 39;s bad enough when a team loses both starting defensive ends in one game . but when one of them is named michael strahan , it becomes a near disaster ."
0 "deadly fire sweeps through china mines shahe , china - nine people were confirmed dead and 57 remained missing late sunday after a fire swept through five iron ore mines in northern china , the xinhau news agency said ."
0 "turkey cautiously optimistic of eu bid ahead of crunch summit ankara , dec 13 ( afp ) - turkey was cautiously optimistic monday that it would obtain a favorable result from this week # 39;s crunch summit of european union leaders who will decide on ankara # 39;s membership bid , but warned the 25-nation bloc not to cross ankara # 39;s"
0 al moves to stop israeli attacks against the palestinians the arab league al has assigned the arab group at the un to call for convening an urgent meeting for the un general assembly or the un security council to halt the quot;israeli war of extermination against the palestinian people .
3 creative sound blaster wireless music & lt;strong&gt;review&lt;/strong&gt ; from pc to hi - fi via wi - fi
3 "nasa ' scramjet ' launched on mach 10 try ( ap ) ap - a tiny unmanned nasa "" scramjet "" soared above the pacific ocean tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound , or almost 7,000 mph , in a successful demonstration of a radical new engine technology ."
1 "uefa bans lazio stadium for fan misbehavior uefa on friday ordered italian side lazio to play its next european match behind closed doors as punishment for unruly fan behavior during a game last month against partizan belgrade , including racial taunts directed at partizan # 39;s"
0 "afghan forces arrest 2 taliban leaders kandahar , afghanistan , dec 14 -- afghan forces have captured two top figures of the deposed taliban government , including the personal security chief of leader mohammad omar , provincial officials said tuesday ."
3 "connect the jovian dots nasa # 39;s hubble space telescope ( hst ) captured an alignment of three of jupiter # 39;s largest moons : io , ganymede , and callisto ."
2 "update 1 : united needs to cut \$500 m more in costs united airlines , in a bankruptcy court filing in advance of a status hearing friday , has revealed it needs to cut \$500 million more in costs than previously stated ."
2 "paper says merck hid data on vioxx whitehouse station , nj - shares of merck amp ; co. plunged nearly 10 percent monday after a media report said documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster arthritis drug vioxx causes heart problems ."
1 "bayern rallies to draw with stuttgart , keep bundesliga lead paolo guerrero scored the equalizer and set up another goal to allow bayern munich to spend the winter break in first place in the bundesliga with a 2 - 2 draw against stuttgart on saturday ."
2 "delta pilots ok \$5b in concessions san francisco ( cbs.mw ) -- pilots at delta air lines approved a management - backed pay cut that will save the airline \$5 billion over the next five years , the pilots union said thursday ."
0 "u.s. plane attacks najaf rebels as tanks near shrine najaf , iraq ( reuters ) - a u.s. ac-130 gunship attacked shi'ite militia positions in the holy iraqi city of najaf early on monday after tanks reinforced the siege of a shrine at the center of a nearly three - week insurgency ."
1 "wenger to decide in build - up to sunday # 39;s premiership showdown as arsenal are preparing to play chelsea in the big game of the weekend , gunners # 39 ; manager frenchman arsene wenger is still deciding in the build - up to sunday # 39;s premier league showdown ."
3 "peoplesoft ousts ceo , still opposes oracle bid ( usatoday.com ) usatoday.com - peoplesoft 's board might have finally blinked . the business - software maker , facing a 16-month takeover siege from rival oracle , has canned the ceo who bitterly opposed the deal and lost crucial regulatory support in its bid to stay independent ."
0 "british tourists killed in jordan bus crash nine british tourists , two jordanians and an egyptian have been killed in a bus accident in southern jordan , civil defence sources and diplomats say ."
0 "israel kills 5 palestinians in north gaza -- medics gaza ( reuters ) - israeli soldiers shot dead five palestinians in north gaza on tuesday after mortar fire from palestinian militants wounded two people in a nearby jewish settlement , medics on both sides said ."
3 "more older people turning to the internet to find love mary bellis waller , now 64 , posted on two internet dating sites during her search for a companion . waller was a pioneer of online dating among people her age , and thousands of others age 60 and older are also turning to the internet to find romance ."
1 united arab emirates trap shooter secures nation # 39;s first olympic gold sheik ahmed bin hashr al - maktoum earned the first - ever olympic medal for the united arab emirates when he took home the gold medal in men # 39;s double trap shooting on tuesday in athens .
2 "stocks open higher , shrug off oil spike new york ( reuters ) - u.s. stocks opened higher on tuesday , with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through the \$50 a barrel mark ."
1 three arrested after demanding money from nba star three men were arrested tuesday night for trying to extort \$3 million from denver nuggets star carmelo anthony . joubert santos and jason pabon of the bronx
1 "nuggets 112 , raptors 106 carmelo anthony scored 30 points and kenyon martin added 24 points and 16 rebounds , helping the denver nuggets hold off the toronto raptors 112 - 106 wednesday night ."
2 "2 d.c. men accused of defrauding investors the securities and exchange commission sued two district men yesterday , charging them with improperly soliciting more than \$1.3 million for a real - estate - based ponzi scheme by preying on fears about neighborhood gentrification ."
1 "geiberger joins father as a winner in greensboro when it was over , after brent geiberger made his final putt , he finally got to talk to his father , al , about their latest achievement ."
2 retail sales fall 0.3 percent in august retail sales slid in august as people steered away from buying cars and shoppers kept a close eye on their spending after splurging in july .
2 "vodafone drops on report it supports bid for sprint ( update2 ) shares in vodafone group plc , the world # 39;s largest mobile - phone operator , dropped after the wall street journal said the company is considering bidding with us partner verizon communications inc."
1 cahill could be in the clear tim cahill could escape suspension for his controversial celebration of evertons winner at manchester city when he was sent off for pulling his shirt over his head .
0 "democrat seeks to end iowa , n.h. power ( ap ) ap - if simon rosenberg decides to run for democratic party chairman , he wo n't be able to count on much support from iowa and new hampshire ."
0 "halliburton set for spotlight in vp debates ( reuters ) reuters - a name likely to come up in\tuesday 's vice presidential debate is halliburton , the texas\company once run by dick cheney that democrats say is an\example of cronyism because of its lucrative iraq deals ."
1 hawks soar over blue stars the division 4 super bowl last night featured two teams coming off 180-degree turnarounds .
2 qwest to pay \$250 million to end probe washington ( cbs.mw ) -- qwest communications on thursday said it # 39;s agreed to pay \$250 million to end a federal probe of allegedly fraudulent accounting practices used by former executives .
0 court overturns nigerian woman 's stoning sentence ( reuters ) reuters - a young nigerian mother\sentenced to death by stoning for having sex outside marriage\was acquitted and discharged by an islamic appeals court on\thursday .
2 us trade deficit balloons again official figures show that the us trade deficit widened to the second - highest level on record in august .
3 "microsoft finalises three - year government deal hot on the heels of its 10-year strategic partnership with the london borough of newham , microsoft is close to signing a new broad three - year public sector agreement with the government ."
1 prso seals victory for 10-man rangers striker dado prso netted a second - half penalty as rangers battled to a 1 - 0 scottish premier league win at hibernian on sunday . prso converted after 65 minutes after
3 "will firefox ignite enterprises ? many users are celebrating mozilla # 39;s release of firefox 1.0 , its open - source web browser . the beta version was downloaded some 8 million times ."
2 "us august inflation mild , job claims rise us consumer prices inched up just 0.1 percent last month as gasoline and car prices tumbled , the government said on thursday in a report suggesting an inflation spike earlier this year was an aberration ."
3 "germans use nokia phones in wireless ticket trial the world # 39;s top mobile phone maker nokia said on tuesday its phones would be used in a project to test wireless public transport fares in hanau , near frankfurt in germany , beginning early next year ."
2 "lucent 's history a case study in wild rides if you 've ever wondered what ignited america 's late-1990s obsession with telecom and tech stocks , you could well argue it all started with lucent technologies ."
3 "the oqo should run linux \\this little oqo machine is certainly pretty cool . the biggest problem\though is that it does n't run linux.\\this leaves you with a device heavier than your pda and all the insecurity and\bloat of windows and with a price tag of only sub \$2000.\\people do n't care what os their pda / handtop runs . it can run an alternative os\and for the most part consumers do n't care . wince has n't exactly been a stellar\market success . while microsoft does have significant market share palmos,\symbian , and linux are doing just fine . also most of the wince devices never\have the fit and finish of their palm and symbian counterparts.\\i do n't know where oqo thinks they are going to fit in . if they were to ... \\"
3 "save the hubble the issue : space telescope was condemned to a lingering death . our view : new report gives support to a manned rescue mission . the hubble telescope may well be the most successful observatory ever built , producing"
1 "olympic 2012 : madrid unveils bid dossier madrid , one of five cities bidding to host the 2012 olympics and paralympics , unveiled its dossier on wednesday ( 17 november ) , just two days after submitting it to the international olympic committee ( ioc ) ."
0 "strong quake hits indonesian island , kills six jakarta ( reuters ) - an earthquake measuring 6.0 on the richter scale shook an island in eastern indonesia on friday , killing six people and injuring at least six more , a government official said ."
0 "chirac # 39;s tour of china magnifies partnership dialogue between china and france , two countries which highly value cultural diversity and pluralism in international politics , is no doubt conducive to world peace ."
1 "bucs still seeking first offensive touchdown in good times and bad , the tampa bay buccaneers could count on two things -taunch defense and stench offense . by chris o # 39;meara , ap ."
0 "arafat # 39;s health worsening , aides in paris say speaking from france , palestinian officials say leader yasser arafat took a turn for the worse late wednesday . citing officials who spoke on condition of anonymity , the associated press reports that arafat # 39;s"
0 iraqi interim government declares martial law baghdad ( reuters ) - iraq 's interim government declared a state of emergency for 60 days on sunday to quell violence gripping the country ahead of january elections .
0 bollywood actress nirupa roy dies bollywood actress nirupa roy dies after a heart attack at her home in mumbai ( bombay ) aged 73 .
2 "business week names adler its new editor stephen j. adler , deputy managing editor of the wall street journal , has been named editor of business week magazine , succeeding stephen b. shepard , who announced last week that he would retire from the magazine to become the first dean of a new"
1 "usc # 39;s orgeron shows interest in ole miss job while the list has dwindled in the search to replace david cutcliffe as the ole miss football coach , one name has risen to the top ."
3 "mmo2 : i - mode launch looks certain mmo2 and ntt docomo are reportedly planning to launch a uk i - mode mobile service . november 26 , 2004 4:35 pm gmt ( datamonitor ) - the much - touted tie - up between ntt docomo and mmo2 to bring i - mode mobile content to the uk looks to be a done deal ."
2 "symantec said to be in talks for veritas symantec , which produces the norton line of computer products , is in talks to acquire veritas software , a maker of data backup programs ."
0 "bosnian - serb prime minister resigns in protest against u.s. sanctions ( canadian press ) canadian press - banja luka , bosnia - herzegovina ( ap ) - the prime minister of the serbian half of bosnia resigned friday , a day after the u.s. government and bosnia 's top international administrator sanctioned bosnian serbs for failing to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the un tribunal ."
1 "gough new livi boss former rangers , everton and scotland captain richard gough has been appointed as the new manager of troubled scottish premier league outfit livingston ."
0 "coors ' donation to own campaign draws ire ( ap ) ap - a # 36;500,000 donation by republican beer baron pete coors to his own senate campaign has triggered a new federal law that eases fund - raising restrictions for his democratic opponent ."
1 loeb extends lead over solberg cardiff -- championship leader sebastien loeb took two stage wins to boost his lead over norwegian petter solberg as the rally of britain entered its second leg on saturday .
3 nortel lowers expectations nortel said it expects revenue for the third quarter to fall short of expectations .
0 pinochet questioned by investigative judge an investigative judge has questioned former chilean dictator augusto pinochet for half an hour to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds of human rights cases stemming from his 1973 - 1990 rule .
3 verizon unveils wireless retriever cell phone contacts find their way into new phones for \$1.99 a month -- without the thumb strain .
2 "commission backs 5bn british energy deal british energy , the nuclear generator , yesterday welcomed a decision by the european commission to approve a government - backed 5bn rescue plan ."
1 "ironman winner confirms she used drug nina kraft , winner of last month # 39;s ironman triathlon world championship in hawai # 39;i , acknowledged yesterday that she had used the banned endurance - boosting drug epo ."
1 "nothing doing well , that didn # 39;t go very well , did it ? everybody knew the nhl planned on turning down the nhlpa # 39;s latest offer yesterday , but the hockey world still held its breath when the two adversaries met face to face"
2 "intel in new chip breakthrough intel creates a more powerful memory chip without increasing its size , confounding the firm 's critics ."
3 "microsoft to ok one license for multicore chips customers who use the dual - core processors that intel and advanced micro devices are expected to begin shipping next year will not need to buy extra licenses for microsoft software , the software maker will announce next week ."
2 "lowe 's sees profit rising in 2005 , 2006 atlanta ( reuters ) - home improvement retailer lowe 's cos . & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = low.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;low.n&lt;/a&gt ; on tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share to rise in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased remodeling activity and home ownership ."
3 "creators of private spaceship announce plans for second launch & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; the creators of a private rocket plane will go ahead with plans for another launch next week in a quest to claim a multimillion - dollar prize , despite a harrowing flight in which the spacecraft rolled dramatically while hurtling toward"
1 gregg : i will help to close deal everton chairman bill kenwright # 39;s plans for a russian revolution at goodison park may have thawed the cold war with director paul gregg .
2 cox communications forms committee to advise on buyout cox communications inc. # 39;s board of directors has formed a special committee of independent directors to consider cox enterprises inc. # 39;s proposal to take the company private in a \$8 billion stock buyout .
3 "europeans eat less of dangerous fatty foods by paul geitner brussels , belgium ( ap ) -- europeans eat less of the most dangerous , cholesterol - raising fats than americans do and the amount is decreasing , according to a report released wednesday by the european food safety authority . scientists at the european food safety authority declined to say whether the eu should follow the united states ' lead and require special labels on margarine , chips , cookies , fries and other potential sources of trans fatty acids ..."
0 "australia cancels 80pc of iraqi debt nineteen countries , including australia , have agreed to cancel 80 per cent of the debt iraq owes them . the deal secured for the paris club of creditor nations ends a trans - atlantic dispute and probably sets"
1 "troubled real and roma meet as champions league resumes madrid , spain ( sports network ) - two clubs with storied tradition but in the midst of current turmoil will meet tuesday when real madrid and roma highlight matchday 2 of the uefa champions league group play ."
3 "new crew prepares for space station duty cape canaveral , fla. -- a new crew is aboard the international space station wednesday preparing to take over command of the orbiting outpost ."
1 westwood closes in on first title of 2004 briton lee westwood closed in on his first title of 2004 when he claimed the third - round lead in the sun city golf challenge on saturday .
0 "moves toward moderation in mideast one month after yasser arafat # 39;s death , realignments on both sides of the palestinian - israeli divide are raising fragile hopes for a mutual retreat from four years of fighting ."
3 "china shuts 1,600 cybercafes the chinese government confirmed this weekend that it has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100 m yuan since march , when it began its crackdown on violent or pornographic content , and other material it considers harmful to public"
1 "woods , mickelson form dynamic us duo for three days , it had been about dinners , galas , black - tie affairs , and enough social engagements to please paris hilton ."
1 "broadhurst leads in spain madrid , spain -- england # 39;s paul broadhurst , winless in nine years on the european tour , shot a 6-under - par 65 friday and took a one - stroke lead midway through the madrid open ."
0 "observers warn militant groups may exploit bitterness in & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; narathiwat , thailand : the deaths and beatings that followed last month # 39;s demonstration in southern thailand have left an indelible mark on the psyche of the muslims living"
0 live : olympics day four richard faulds and stephen parry are going for gold for great britain on day four in athens .
1 "nfl fines saints ' gleason # 36;5,000 for punch ( ap ) ap - steve gleason of the new orleans saints was fined # 36;5,000 by the nfl on wednesday after being thrown out of last week 's game with carolina for punching the panthers ' kemp rasmussen at the end of a kickoff return ."
2 "oil firms above \$50 as bush nears win oil prices jumped above \$50 a barrel this morning , supported by us election tallies projecting a slim lead for president george w bush ."
1 "huskies fail 1st road test this so - called rivalry might be worth saving after all . umass finally got one thursday night . and the minutemen did it in exciting fashion , one that totally disgusted jim calhoun ."
1 "rooney going nowhere unless price is right : moyes england striker on his way . or is he ? will it be st james # 39 ; park or old trafford ? or will he remain at goodison ? although wayne rooney today handed in a transfer request , and set in motion his seemingly inevitable"
3 "women , and the future of it & lt;strong&gt;interview&lt;/strong&gt ; professor wendy hall talks to & lt;em&gt;the reg&lt;/em&gt ;"
2 "coca - cola makes very good # 39 ; bid to end probe , eu says ( update2 ) coca - cola co. moved closer to settling a five - year european commission antitrust probe after regulators said an offer from the world # 39;s biggest soft - drink maker to revamp its sales practices is very good ."
3 "palmsource embraces linux with china mobilesoft acquisition ( newsfactor ) newsfactor - mobile software provider palmsource is leaping into a market with a\potentially huge upside with the acquisition of china mobilesoft ( cms),\and at the same time is giving a big boost to the open source developer\commmunity ."
0 "cameroon leader 's ' divide and rule ' cameroonian politician john fru ndi stands as presidential candidate in next month 's election , splitting the opposition coalition ."
3 "young people practicing unhealthy habits they show greatest increase in smoking , obesity and poor eating , study says healthdaynews -- smoking , obesity and poor eating habits increased among young people in the united states in the 1990s , a trend that may lead to higher future rates of cancer , heart disease , diabetes and lung disease as that generation ages . that warning comes from a study in the september / october issue of the american journal of health promotion ..."
0 "kerry to reverse stem cell policy us presidential candidate john kerry says he will make stem cell research a priority , dropping george bush 's policy ."
0 "court declines to hear gay marriage case ( ap ) ap - the supreme court on monday sidestepped a dispute over gay marriages , rejecting a challenge to the nation 's only law sanctioning such unions ."
1 "gatlin sprints from unknown to olympic gold athens ( reuters ) - american justin gatlin roared from virtual unknown to win the blue ribband olympic men 's 100 meters race on sunday , upstaging more illustrious rivals in a pulsating final ."
2 nepal blockade ' blow to tourism ' nepal tour operators say tourists cancelled millions of dollars of bookings due to the rebel blockade of kathmandu .
2 telecom lifts first quarter net profit 19pc telecom corp today reported its september first quarter net profit rose 19 per cent to \$193 million . the profit bettered analysts # 39 ; average forecasts of \$185 m .
0 "al - qaeda group kills a second us hostage in iraq ( update3 ) an iraqi group linked to al - qaeda killed a second us hostage , jack hensley , and threatened to kill a british hostage unless iraqi women detainees are freed , the group said on its web site ."
3 qatar defense show focuses on videogame technology doha ( reuters ) - rick bracewell is driving through baghdad when gunmen open fire . then a nearby dead dog strapped with explosives blows up and his vehicle goes up in flames .
2 "senate resolves corporate tax bill delay sen. mary landrieu , d - la . , is shown in washington in this nov. 11 , 2003 , file photo . known as one of the senate # 39;s more moderate democrats , landrieu undertook a fiery defense sunday , oct. 10 , 2004 , of military"
3 biography of a worm can anything stop the next global virus outbreak ? we follow the trail of one recent worm to see how the security system works -- and whether it can be fixed .
3 "dreamworks animation ipo set at 29 m shares underwriters for dreamworks animation skg inc. , producer of the blockbuster "" shrek "" movies , tuesday set the terms of the company 's pending initial public offering at 29 million common shares , with an estimated price range of \$23 to \$25 a share ."
0 fear hamstrings quest for intelligence in n. iraq intelligence - gathering by the front - line forces that need to know the most is proving difficult in a region increasingly gripped by fear .
2 cat and astrazeneca enter \$175 m collaboration astrazeneca intends to invest over 120 m in cambridge antibody technology ( cat ) through an innovative five - year research collaboration and a 75 m equity
0 gop urge bush to turn attention from iraq ( ap ) ap - nervous republicans are urging president bush to unveil a robust second - term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters ' focus from the unpopular war in iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re - election drive . some contend the party should ditch the gop - fueled controversy over rival john kerry 's combat record in vietnam .
3 "dog extinctions show why bigger isn # 39;t better fossils from extinct dogs show why bigger is not better -- giant meat - eating animals died out because they relied too heavily on hunting other big animals , scientists reported on thursday ."
3 "thestreet.com may be up for sale -- report ( reuters ) reuters - thestreet.com inc. , the\financial news and commentary web site , may be up for sale,\according to a report in business week , sparking a 7 percent\rise in its shares ."
1 "agassi cruises into washington open atp quarter - finals washington , aug. 19 ( xinhuanet ) -- andre agassi cruised into quarter - finals in washington open tennis with a 6 - 4 , 6 - 2 victory over kristian pless of denmark here on thursday night ."
2 "gold fields loses high court bid to halt harmony takeover south african mining giant gold fields lost a high court bid to halt a hostile takeover by rival harmony gold , which is seeking to create the world # 39;s biggest gold producer , a court official said ."
0 "stocks climb on strong economic data new york - newly optimistic investors sent stocks sharply higher friday , propelling the dow jones industrials up more than 100 points , after economic data showed strength in manufacturing and construction . wall street greeted the departure of peoplesoft inc. 's chief executive by buying up technology shares ..."
2 boeing ceo says market slower than airbus suggests berlin : boeing co. chief executive harry stonecipher has said the us aircraft makers archrival airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market .
3 "seagate claims storage record seagate claims to have broken the record for the most storage on a single disc platter , managing to store 133 gb per disc in its newly released 400 gb hard drive ."
3 "wireless operators team on wi - fi roaming ntt communications , t - mobile usa , telstra , starhub , and maxis communications have joined to establish roaming arrangements that allow customers to use wireless broadband services from internet access points -- called hotspots quot ; -- in their countries"
3 "china 's lenovo to buy ibm 's pc business tokyo - china 's lenovo group ltd. signed a definitive agreement on wednesday to acquire ibm corp. 's personal computing division . lenovo will pay us\$1.25 billion in cash for the business , which is expected to transform it into the world 's number three pc maker , the companies announced ."
2 "top court upholds visa , mastercard ruling washington ( reuters ) - the supreme court on monday let stand a ruling that the visa and mastercard credit card associations violated federal antitrust law by barring their member banks from issuing credit and charge cards on the rival networks of american express co. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = axp.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;axp.n&lt;/a&gt ; and morgan stanley . & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = mwd.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;mwd.n&lt;/a&gt;."
0 "sadr # 39;s men cash in their guns baghdad : members of radical cleric moqtada al - sadr # 39;s militia began handing back their weapons yesterday under a deal with the interim iraq government , while two us soldiers were killed in a baghdad rocket attack ."
3 "' wikis ' offer knowledge - sharing online ( ap ) ap - taran rampersad did n't complain when he failed to find anything on his hometown in the online encyclopedia wikipedia . instead , he simply wrote his own entry for san fernando , trinidad and tobago . wikipedia is unique for an encyclopedia because anybody can add , edit and even erase . and the wikipedia is just one # 151 ; albeit the best known # 151 ; of a growing breed of internet knowledge - sharing communities called wikis ."
3 "press start for nostalgia like led zeppelin # 39;s # 39 ; # 39;stairway to heaven # 39 ; # 39 ; and lynyrd skynyrd # 39;s # 39 ; # 39;freebird , # 39 ; # 39 ; classic video games like frogger and pong can bring back an entire era ."
3 "japanese electronics giants in lcd joint venture hitachi , toshiba and matsushita electric have formed a joint venture to manufacture large liquid - crystal displays for flat - screen televisions , escalating competition for a piece of the digital living room ."
2 "tokyo stocks flat , focus on data tokyo ( reuters ) - japanese stocks were flat in mid - morning trade on monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing to offset profit - taking that hit recent gainers such as insurers and real estate stocks ."
2 "aol pushes into internet shopping looking for new ways to boost its revenue , america online is launching an online shopping service that won # 39;t require an aol account to access ."
1 "conte turned athletes into towers of power he is the face of sporting evil , this man who once was an accomplished bass player and now leers at us from a television screen describing the hell he hath wrought on the games people play and on the people who play them ."
1 "skipper gives support while league sends warning moises alou has a right to his opinion , chicago cubs manager dusty baker said monday . alou said everything he needed to say sunday ."
3 "firefox browser to hit 1.0 milestone though the release is technically a preview , the 1.0 version is a significant milestone for the open - source browser software , which has already won an enthusiastic following as an alternative to microsoft # 39;s internet explorer ."
2 "eu to lift u.s. sanctions jan. 1 brussels ( reuters ) - the european commission is sticking with its plan to lift sanctions on \$4 billion worth of u.s. goods on jan. 1 following washington 's repeal of export tax subsidies in october , a spokeswoman said on thursday ."
0 football : spanish fa apologises the spanish fa apologises to its english counterparts following racist chanting .
3 "singingfish floats new multimedia search with broadband and desktop media fueling consumer interest in digital media content , video and audio search provider singingfish has launched an improved search portal to help the world find more multi - media online ."
0 week 's delay for delta launcher boeing 's new heavy - lift delta 4 rocket must wait a further week before making its maiden flight .
0 "pm backs indigenous alcohol ban curfews and alcohol bans may be necessary in aboriginal communities , prime minister john howard said today , adding that civil liberties were less important than staying alive ."
3 supercomputing at your fingertips machines that only a few years ago seemed to be the stuff of fantasy are slowly but surely reaching the mainstream . & lt;br /&gt ; photos : ibm 's blue gene / l & lt;br /&gt ; photos : barcelona 's big blade
3 "nobel honours sub - atomic world us scientists david gross , david politzer and frank wilczeck win the nobel physics prize for their insights into the deep structure of matter ."
2 two top nokia executives resign helsinki : nokia said the respected head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks official left in the second major departure of top management in two weeks at the world # 39;s largest mobile phone maker .
1 "* * for the latest news , please refresh this page regularly * * what # 39;s up ? i see the whole world has their eyes on the oscar vs. bernard fight . my thought is oscar is coming off with an upset ."
0 "five facts about france # 39;s muslim headscarf ban - the french parliament passed the law in march to ban quot;conspicuous symbols quot ; of faith from its state school system . guidelines for applying the law identified muslim headscarves , jewish skullcaps and large"
0 "cambodia # 39;s legislature bars government from pardoning khmer rouge legislators today approved laws barring the cambodian government from pardoning khmer rouge suspects , one day after ratifying a landmark un - backed plan to set up a tribunal to prosecute surviving leaders of the murderous 1970s regime ."
3 "hd dvd will boost quality , help stores four hollywood studios this week embraced a new high - definition dvd format from electronics giant toshiba - raising many questions for video lovers who have driven sales of pre - recorded dvds to new heights ."
0 "four held in anti - terror raids three of the men were seized in a quot;pre - planned quot ; operation by officers from the metropolitan police anti - terrorist branch at a hotel in brent cross , north london ."
3 "companies moving cautiously on microsoft # 39;s sp2 update quot;whether companies roll out windows xp immediately or replace their older operating systems with windows xp when purchasing new pcs , companies now have to ensure xp sp2 compliancy by determining"
0 "us supreme court asked to rule on homosexuals ' right to adopt children ( afp ) afp - the american civil liberties union , the leading us civil rights group , petitioned the us supreme court to rule on the right of homosexuals to adopt children ."
3 "chip power , times 10 ibm , sony corp. and toshiba corp. on monday unveiled some key details on the powerful new quot;cell quot ; processor the three are jointly producing to run next - generation computers , game consoles and tvs ."
0 " # 39;hundreds to be charged # 39 ; over thai protest prime minister thaksin shinawatra said today hundreds of muslims will be prosecuted over a demonstration that led to the deaths of 87 people in southern thailand last week , in a move which could further raise tensions in the region ."
3 stunt pilots to snag a falling nasa craft nasa # 39;s three - year effort to bring some genuine star dust back to earth is set for a dramatic finale sept. 8 when hollywood helicopter pilots will attempt a midair retrieval
1 carter could prove real plus for nets the nets reported deal for vince carter very much surprises me given new jersey # 39;s cost - slashing moves in the offseason that saw the exits of kenyon martin and kerry kittles .
0 us sends marines to philippines the us is sending up to 600 marines and relief supplies to flood - ravaged areas of the philippines .
2 "treasury chief urges debt relief for poor nations global lenders need to offer more grants and debt relief to poor countries and tailor lending toward the private sector , treasury secretary john snow said today ."
1 "jet - lagged clarke tied for lead in japan gotemba , japan ( reuters ) - britain 's darren clarke shook off the effects of jet - lag and a hectic schedule to fire a six - under - par 66 for a share of the first - round lead at the taiheiyo masters thursday ."
0 "greek school bus crash kills seven , injures 24 kammena vourla , greece ( reuters ) - a bus carrying school students and teachers to the athens paralympic games collided with a truck in central greece on monday killing at least seven people and injuring 24 , officials said ."
3 "hurricane ivan slams u.s. gulf coast hurricane ivan roared into the gulf coast near mobile , alabama , early this morning with peak winds exceeding 125 miles an hour ( 200 kilometers an hour ) ."
1 aussies ponder pace quartet australia could again use a four - strong pace attack in tomorrow # 39;s champions trophy semifinal as it bids to stretch its winning streak against england in one - day internationals to 15 matches .
0 un demands rwanda pull out military forces in drc the un security council on tuesday condemned reported military actions by rwanda in the eastern democratic republic of congo ( drc ) and demanded the country immediately withdraw any troops it may have in the drc .
2 "a canadian invasion a few weeks ago , in a story on nortel ( nyse : nt ) , i asked people to submit a canadian joke to me . this is as good a place as any to reveal the winner ."
2 vodafone targets japan with 3 g offensive vodafone has unveiled plans for 10 new third - generation handsets for christmas to help shore up its struggling japanese unit . vodafone vod .
0 "death toll climbs in baghdad blast a car bomb exploded outside the education ministry in central baghdad on tuesday , killing at least six people and wounding about eight , the interior ministry said ."
2 deal has s2io champing at the gigabit ottawa -- a local firm that says it can help shrink backup times at large data centres is growing its business thanks to an alliance with sun microsystems inc.
2 bush backs us tariffs on shrimp foreign shrimp producers have denied they are selling shrimp at artificially low prices as a way to win a larger share of the us market .
2 stocks seen flat as earnings pour in us stock futures pointed to a flat market open thursday as a rush of quarterly earnings reports painted a mixed picture for corporate profits amid lingering worries over the high price of oil .
3 "sidebar : oracle adds software for managing supplier contracts september 06 , 2004 ( computerworld ) - as part of an ongoing upgrade of its e - business suite 11i business applications , oracle corp."
0 refugees : fate of hundreds unknown un officials have been denied permission to check the safety of about 850 migrants deported to libya from italy since friday . the italian government is flying the migrants to libya after hundreds landed on
2 "mills grabs \$1b portfolio ; taubman likely to lose contracts mills corp. agreed to purchase a 50 percent interest in nine malls owned by general motors asset management corp. for just over \$1 billion , creating a new joint venture between the groups . the deal will extend ..."
3 "nvidia and intel sign broad cross - license and chipset license & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; quot;nvidia and intel corporation announced that the companies have signed a broad , multi - year patent cross - license agreement spanning multiple product lines and product generations ."
3 "study : wrecks jump 3 days after terrorism fatal traffic accidents increase sharply in israel on the third day after a terrorist attack , and researchers are searching for an explanation why ."
2 "crude oil falls as purmono says opec can boost output capacity crude oil fell as opec president purnomo yusgiantoro said the group may raise its spare production capacity to as much as 2.5 million barrels a day by the end of this year , reducing concern about shortages ."
2 "delta pilots tell negotiators to get pact ( reuters ) reuters - delta air lines inc. 's pilots union on\tuesday directed its negotiators to work out an agreement to\address the early retirement of a large number of pilots , which\threatens to push the no . 3 u.s. airline into a chapter 11\bankruptcy filing ."
0 "rescued chinese hostage dies in southeast pakistan one of two chinese hostages injured during a rescue operation died of his injuries , military sources said thursday ."
1 "olympic daily preview - thursday , august 19 athens , greece ( sports network ) - wednesday night it was paul hamm # 39;s turn to shine for the united states , as he won the gold medal in the men # 39;s all - around competition . will thursday produce a sweep for the us at the olympics ? ..."
2 "hk walks out of 68-month deflation cycle , official hong kong financial secretary henry tang said he believed hong kong has walked out of the consumer price deflation cycle that lingered for 68 months , according to the consumer price index trend in the past few years ."
0 "earthquake rocks indonesia 's bali , one dead - radio jakarta ( reuters ) - an earthquake rocked indonesia 's premier tourist island of bali on wednesday , killing one person and injuring at least two , el shinta radio reported , quoting hospital officials ."
3 "labels , microsoft in talks on cd copying record labels and microsoft are in discussions about ways that the next generation of the windows operating system , code - named longhorn , can support copy - protected cd technology ."
1 "hoyas beat the citadel new coach john thompson iii gets his first victory as georetown routs the citadel , 69 - 34 , behind 23 points from brandon bowman ."
3 patent case challenges microsoft # 39;s # 39;autoplay # 39 ; a federal judge has set a december date for a patent suit challenging quot;autoplay quot ; technology included in recent versions of microsoft windows .
2 "unilever cuts profit forecasts on sluggish sales ( update3 ) unilever , the world # 39;s largest maker of food and soap , cut its full - year earnings forecast after sales of ice cream and cold drinks slumped in europe and demand for beauty and laundry products slowed ."
0 "iraq group sets ransom , deadline for french release ( reuters ) reuters - a statement posted on a web site\purportedly by an iraqi group which said it was holding two\french hostages set a # 36;5 million ransom on monday and issued a\48-hour deadline for its demands to be met ."
0 "iran to cease negotiations with eu in case of dead end a top iranian official said sunday that iran would withdraw from the negotiations with the european union ( eu ) if the upcoming talks in brussels turned into a dead - end , the official irna news agency reported ."
3 "cisco to acquire p - cube for \$200 m san jose , calif . cisco systems inc. said it has agreed to acquire p - cube for \$200 million in stock and cash to enable service providers to further control and manage such advanced internet protocol services"
1 "we can win the series , says ganguly quot;after the momentum we have got in chennai , we should win the next two tests . we are quite capable of winning the series , quot ; ganguly said ."
0 "kenyan activist plants tree to mark nobel prize crying with delight , kenyan environmentalist wangari maathai planted a tree to celebrate winning the nobel peace prize on friday and vowed to use the money"
3 "viruses keep on growing most it managers won # 39;t question the importance of security , but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies ."
1 "pa. golfer cleared of not yelling ' fore ' ( ap ) ap - a golfer plunked in the face by an errant ball was unable to convince a jury that the man who hit him was negligent for failing to yell "" fore ! """
1 mcgrath identifies his targets perth - australia # 39;s premier paceman glenn mcgrath - renowned for his pre - test plans to target specific batsmen - said on tuesday that captain inzamam - ul - haq and one - day run machine yousuf youhana were the keys to pakistan # 39;s batting lineup .
3 "panasonic unleashes new dvd recorder line matsushita electric industrial co. , better known for its panasonic brand , will soon start international sales of a high - end dvd recorder that offers network connectivity , the company said wednesday ."
3 dino sucked in prey with its giraffe neck the fossil of a sea reptile with a neck twice as long as its body is solving the mystery of how some ancient reptiles used such unusually long appendages .
3 "sony nw - e95 and nw - e99 network walkman sony europe has launched two tiny 512 mb and 1 gb mp3 players , the nw - e95 and nw - e99 network walkman . both play mp3 ( sony has officially bit the mp3 bullet ) and atrac3plus compressed files and have a small blue backlit lcd screen ."
2 "oracle quarterly net income rises 16 pct oracle corp. ( orcl.o : quote , profile , research ) on tuesday reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly net income as the world # 39;s second largest software company benefited"
2 "jabil circuit posts higher profit san francisco ( reuters ) - contract electronics manufacturer jabil circuit inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = jbl.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;jbl.n&lt;/a&gt ; on tuesday posted a higher quarterly profit on stronger demand for computers , cellphones and other electronic products ."
0 "n.korea called worst for press freedom media watchdog reporters without borders has labeled north korea and cuba the worst countries in terms of press freedom , with denmark being the best ."
2 tata cs celebrates profits uplift indian software giant tata cs unveils sharply higher profits in its first set of results since its stock market launch .
0 "un says more money needed for population programs the united nations released its annual population report on wednesday , and it said it needs more money for population programs . a top united nations official says if more money isn # 39;t found for population programs"
1 "georgia rides its defense to victory over marshall athens , ga. ( sports network ) - michael cooper ran for the only touchdown of the game , as third - ranked georgia rode its defense to a 13 - 3 victory over marshall at sanford stadium ."
2 "lazard adversaries edge closer to a deal bruce wasserstein , head of lazard , could reach an agreement as early as this week with michel david - weill , the chairman , extending the deadline for"
0 "yudhoyono 's apparent win boosts markets ( ap ) ap - former general susilo bambang yudhoyono took a seemingly unassailable lead wednesday in indonesia 's presidential election , cheering investors amid hopes he will introduce much - needed economic reforms and provide firm leadership in the war on terror ."
0 "ancient fungus ' revived ' in lab fungus from a deep - sea sediment core that is hundreds of thousands of years old will grow when placed in culture , scientists discover ."
0 "death toll 69 in japan typhoon , 19 still missing tokyo ( reuters ) - as the death toll rose from japan 's deadliest typhoon in two decades , experts warned on friday that climate change could bring a stormier future ."
0 feed - tube law is struck down in florida case the court said that gov. jeb bush violated separation of powers when he signed a law to keep theresa schiavo alive .
2 "mining concern names outside managers sydney sons of gwalia , the world # 39;s leading supplier of tantalum , appointed outside managers on monday after failing to reach agreement with creditors ."
0 sri lanka army blames tamil tigers of failing to keep pledge sri lanka # 39;s army sunday blamed thetamil tigers for failing to attend a meeting saturday which they had agreed to attend during a meeting with the international trucemonitors and the government troops .
0 "revolving door & lt;em&gt ; in&lt;/em&gt;&lt;br&gt ; aylwin b. lewis , president of yum brands , as chief executive of kmart ."
1 honda linked with bar takeover bar # 39;s engine partner honda is believed to be interested in purchasing the brackley team and a deal could be done within the next 12 months .
0 120 m origami birds of peace fall on thailand about 120 million origami birds were air - dropped over southern thailand yesterday in an attempt to quell a muslim insurgency that has led to the deaths of more than 500 people this year .
1 "zeile to catch one last time art howe will fulfill a wish of the retiring todd zeile on friday night : zeile will catch tom glavine in pittsburgh , his first time behind the plate in 14 years ."
2 "stocks to open up as election day starts dow jones futures rose 37 points recently , while nasdaq futures climbed 6 points and standard amp ; poor # 39;s futures edged up 3.60 points ."
1 mourinho happy after 3 - 0 win chelsea manager jose mourinho was delighted with his side # 39;s performance in the 3 - 0 win in the champions league against paris saint germain .
0 "us cautious on progress toward enriching uranium the united states is responding carefully to iran # 39;s announcement that it has taken a major step toward enriching uranium , a key ingredient in nuclear weapons ."
0 "taiwan rescuers dig out 7 bodies buried in landslide taipei ( reuters ) - taiwan rescue workers dug out seven bodies from mud and rock in a mountain village that was hit by a devastating landslide triggered by typhoon aere , but eight still remained buried , officials said on friday ."
3 "nations use net to spy , plot attacks ex - bush aide ( reuters ) reuters - the world 's most advanced\military powers are using the internet to spy on their enemies\and prepare digital attacks against rogue targets , a leading\cyber security expert said on friday ."
1 "rams ' faulk downgraded to questionable st . louis , mo. , ( sports network ) - st. louis rams running back marshall faulk has been downgraded from probable to questionable for sunday 's game against the san francisco 49ers with a bruised left knee ."
2 "update 3 : sears # 39 ; stock surge after firm buys stake sears , roebuck and co. # 39;s stock shot up 23 percent friday after a real estate investment trust disclosed it had purchased a 4.3 percent interest in the department - store chain ."
0 "philippines not relieved from nature # 39;s curse with the death toll mounting to 1,000 after a deadly storm typhoon nanmadol that hit the nation three days before , the nature # 39;s curse is still haunting philippines when an earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 4.2 rocked the northern philippines on"
1 "no . 3 georgia tech rolls over james madison , 72 - 47 atlanta ( sports network ) - isma # 39;il muhammad scored a team - high 14 points , jarrett jack added 13 and third - ranked georgia tech rolled over james madison , 72 - 47 , in a non - league tilt at the alexander memorial coliseum ."
1 "ford underlines committed to motorsport . despite confirming the successful sale of both jaguar racing and its cosworth engine company to new owners , ford motor company has stressed that it remains committed to supporting motorsport at all levels ."
1 "brazil tops spain for men 's gold in beach volleyball athens ( reuters ) - ricardo santos and emanuel rego beat spain 's javier bosma and pablo herrera 21 - 16 , 21 - 15 on wednesday to bag brazil 's first men 's olympic beach volleyball gold medal ."
0 "what do women want in a presidential candidate ? ( reuters ) reuters - tammy hough is a life - long\republican , a socially conservative stay - at - home mother and a\woman who puts american security as a top priority , so many\pundits see her vote as an easy one for president bush . but\she 's not so sure ."
2 manpower survey forecasts slow hiring in early 2005 those planning to look for a job in the kalamazoo area during the first quarter of 2005 might find the going slow . the pace of hiring among area employers is expected to be slow during the first quarter of
3 "ibm delivers power - based servers with linux ibm will push its power5 line of servers down into the low end of the market , taking linux with it , when it unwraps an aggressively priced series of linux - only systems on monday that will go up against the offerings of sun microsystems and hewlett - packard"
2 "update 8 : ford , gm set production cuts on sales drop another disappointing sales month at general motors corp. and ford motor co. led the nation # 39;s two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter , which could hurt profits ."
3 "sun previews next version of java sun microsystems on monday night posted a prerelease , "" snapshot "" version of java 2 standard edition 6.0 , code - named mustang , which represents the next generation of the java platform ."
0 "viet nam deeply regrets palestinian leader # 39;s death ha noi , nov. 11 ( vna ) - quot;we are deeply moved and grieved by the death of president yasser arafat , president of the palestinian state and president of the palestine liberation organisation , quot ; foreign ministry spokesman le dung has said ."
1 "army to meet navy in sprint football west point , ny - army # 39;s sprint football team will conclude its 2004 campaign friday evening when the black knights take on navy with the collegiate sprint football league title hanging in the balance ."
3 peoplesoft revises third - quarter profit oracle target adds \$2.6 million to bottom line after tax adjustment related to ex - ceo 's severance package .
3 "google and microsft getting close google and microsft getting close\\microsoft partnering with google ? well sort of , an article released yesterday details the relationship between the two , and the use of google deskbar in microsoft 's partner pack for windows , "" a collection of microsoft and third - party products released last week that microsoft describes on its web site ..."
2 "stocks open flat , waiting for fed new york ( reuters ) - u.s. stocks opened flat on tuesday as investors took another pause after last week 's big rally , with the fed expected to raise interest rates a quarter point on wednesday ."
0 south korea seeks to play down nuclear disclosure seoul ( reuters ) - south korea said on friday it did not expect a shock declaration that government scientists enriched uranium four years ago to upset international efforts to end north korea 's nuclear ambitions .
2 "pfizer news sends blue chips down new york ( reuters ) - the dow jones industrial average fell on friday after pfizer inc. & lt;a href=""http://www.investor.reuters.com / fullquote.aspx?ticker = pfe.n target=/stocks / quickinfo / fullquote""&gt;pfe.n&lt;/a&gt ; shares opened nearly 19 percent down on trial data for its popular arthritis drug celebrex that showed increased risk of heart attack ."
0 "thailand to prosecute 300 muslims detained in deadly riot bangkok : thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra said the government would prosecute 300 muslims detained at a riot this week that led to the deaths of 87 protesters , while another 900 would be released ."
3 google founders selling off stock google founders selling off stock\\is this a sign that google stack is overpriced ? or does it just mean that since there is so much interest in google and its shares right now that the founders decided to sell off a big part of their holdings with the search engine . dow ...
1 "right - hander must pass physical right - hander matt clement and the boston red sox agreed friday to a three - year deal in the \$25 million range , according to a report on mlb ."
0 "a graphic film of protest , and cries of blasphemy the director of a 10-minute film shown on dutch television hopes to draw attention to what she says is widespread but hidden violence against muslim women ."
0 "afghans rocky road to historic elections kalakan , afghanistan there were toothless old men , turbaned and gray - bearded , and young men not yet old enough to shave . there were mullahs and mujahedeen , and the presidential candidate # 39;s 3-year - old son ."
2 "rate hikes by fed dull arms # 39 ; luster 30-year fixed home loans remain appealing , but variable rates have been on the move up . by sandra block . if you # 39;re hoping an adjustable - rate mortgage will help you afford your dream house , you may want to rethink those granite countertops ."
2 auto parts sector falls on delphi news investors sold off shares of auto parts makers friday after delphi corp. issued a profit warning and said it would cut nearly 5 percent of its work force next year .
3 apple to give its stores a mini me look the mac maker has big plans to expand its network of retail outlets by creating small versions of its stores .
1 boston red sox team report - september 24 ( sports network ) - a sensational pitching matchup is on tap at fenway park this evening when pedro martinez and the boston red sox welcome mike mussina and the hated new york yankees to town for another chapter in baseball # 39;s fiercest rivalry .
3 "rocking the cradle of life when did life begin ? one evidential clue stems from the fossil records in western australia , although whether these layered sediments are biological or chemical has spawned a spirited debate . oxford researcher , nicola mcloughlin , describes some of the issues in contention ."
3 "game daze : # 39;grand theft auto : san andreas , # 39 ; # 39;midway arcade & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; it # 39;s violent . it # 39;s profane and politically incorrect . it # 39;s packed wall to wall with tough thugs doing terrible things ."
0 ban for former ahold executives dutch retailer ahold 's former chairman and its ex - finance officer are barred from executive posts as part of a us fraud case settlement .
3 "governor # 39;s proposal : new game , same strategy if gov. rod blagojevich # 39;s proposal to crack down on violent video game sales sounds familiar , look no further than the man he beat to become illinois # 39 ; chief executive ."
1 steelers look super the steelers have all the ingredients to make a run for their fifth super bowl title while the nfc trots out its weakest set of challengers in memory .
0 "chechens vote for new leader , ' bomber ' kills self znamenskoye , russia ( reuters ) - chechens voted sunday for a new president in a tense election , but many doubted the moscow - backed police officer who was set to win would manage to stamp out rebellion in the turbulent region ."
0 "france criticizes iraq hostage mediators france has criticized unofficial negotiators for complicating release efforts for two french hostages held in iraq , the bbc reported saturday ."
3 photo : sony 's locationfree tvs the electronics maker 's wireless television set emphasizes advances in the boob tube .
3 "high - tech start - up strives for open - source compatibility sourcelabs could create some buzz because of its pedigree team of founders . the company is led by chief executive byron sebastian , a former executive at san jose # 39;s bea systems , who founded the company in spring ."
3 ibm adds midrange server to eserver lineup the new ibm power5 eserver i5 550 also features higher performance and new virtualization capabilities that allow it to run multiple operating systems at once on separate partitions .
0 south koreans say secret work refined uranium south korea admitted that a group of its nuclear scientists secretly produced a small amount of near - weapons grade uranium .
1 "safin , petrova upset in kremlin cup radek stepanek of the czech republic pulled off a major upset wednesday , eliminating top - seeded marat safin 7 - 6 ( 8) , 4 - 6 , 6 - 3 on the russian # 39;s home turf in the second round of the us\$2 ."
0 israel says it would respond positively to truce jerusalem ( reuters ) - israel termed as premature on tuesday an egyptian report that it had agreed in principle with the palestinians on proposals to end their conflict but said it would respond positively if militants ceased attacks .
0 "five blasts reported in spain after eta threats madrid ( reuters ) - five explosions were reported in different parts of spain monday after the basque separatist group eta threatened to set off a total of seven bombs , spanish media reported ."
0 "south africa intervenes in ivory coast south african president thabo mbeki flew to ivory coast on tuesday to launch an african effort to rein in four days of violence that have killed at least 20 people , wounded more than 600 and shut down cocoa exports from the world 's largest producer ."
0 "bush seeks schwarzenegger 's muscle , as missing explosives cast campaign shadow ( afp ) afp - president george w. bush called on the star power of actor - turned - california - governor arnold schwarzenegger to boost his campaign appeal as democratic challenger john kerry shifted his attack from missing explosives in iraq to domestic economics ."
3 "euro supercomputing initiative welcomes users european researchers can now turn to a new supercomputing network for help in their scientific endeavors . quot;we have just completed testing , quot ; said david henty with the edinburgh parallel computing centre , a"
2 start of ebbers trial delayed new york -- a federal judge has delayed the trial of former worldcom chief bernard ebbers until january 17th . the trial had been set to start november ninth .
1 "favre does it again with the texans nursing a second - half lead , the stage was set for another packers ' comeback , authored by brett favre . the result : a 16 - 13 green bay win ."
2 "crunch time for biotech companies washington area biotech companies will face pivotal moments this year , finding out whether key products work before money dries up , fending off competition from bigger companies , and , perhaps filing to go public ."
0 oil companies in nigeria say they won # 39;t give in to threats major oil companies operating in nigeria # 39;s oil - rich southern region say they will not give in to threats of attacks on their facilities and employees by militias .
0 "briefly : israel , egypt and us trade pact egypt , israel and the united states have reached an agreement that allows egyptian industry to sell products using israeli parts duty free in america ."
0 aftershock hits japan quake zone strong aftershocks are still shaking northern japan after the country # 39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 24 people .
2 "southwest to bid for ata chicago assets southwest airlines said on friday it will bid at least usd\$100 million for assets of bankrupt ata airlines , including taking over six of ata # 39;s 14 gates at chicago # 39;s midway airport and selling tickets on some of each other # 39;s flights ."
2 "telecom equipment maker agere to cut 500 employees , 7.6 of & lt;b&gt; ... &lt;/b&gt ; telecommunications equipment maker agere systems inc. said wednesday it will lay off 500 employees , or 7.6 per cent of its workforce , as part of a corporate restructuring ."
2 governor calls for resignation of big dig chief boston massachusetts governor mitt romney is calling for the resignation of the head of the state # 39;s turnpike authority . romney # 39;s move comes in the wake of reports that a record 14-point - six ( b ) billion - dollar
2 "durable goods fall , aircraft orders slump ( reuters ) reuters - orders for long - lasting u.s. durable\goods slipped unexpectedly in august as civilian aircraft\demand plunged , but beat forecasts once transportation was\stripped out , government data showed on friday ."
2 "apology , refund from cruise line in a move almost unheard of in its industry , norwegian cruise line has apologized for service problems during the pride of aloha # 39;s first two months of sailing around hawaii , and is refunding a portion of the service charge to everyone who has cruised on"
1 "haas , dent win openers at madrid masters tommy haas of germany and taylor dent of the united states advanced to the second round of the madrid masters after easy wins tuesday ."
0 "two britons shot dead near death railway bridge ( afp ) afp - two britons were shot dead by unknown gunmen near the famous bridge over the river kwai in western thailand , police said ."
3 coming to project managers : multiscreen microsoft pc microsoft corp. has launched a new entry in its ongoing effort to bring more innovative pc form factors to marketin the somewhat quirky form of a high - end system specialized for project managers .
1 eagles remain unbeaten david akers kicked a 50-yard field goal in overtime to help the eagles to a 34-to-31 victory over the cleveland browns . donovan mcnabb matched a career high with four touchdown passes .
2 "molson will pay dividend to push through coors merger ( update6 ) molson inc. , canada # 39;s biggest beermaker , said it will pay minority shareholders a special dividend to overcome opposition to its planned c\$3 ."
1 "gamecocks , tigers brawl clemson , sc south carolina and clemson duked it out in the closing minutes of today # 39;s game at clemson . police , security and coaches tried to separate the teams , who scuffled before the game started and continually pushed and showed each other throughout ."
2 "boeing chief rules out compromise the chief executive of the us plane maker boeing warned yesterday that america would not compromise over its demand for an end to subsidies for airbus , in remarks that raised"
1 "auburn is likely the odd team out auburn has put together one of the greatest years in school history , claiming a spot in today # 39;s southeastern conference title game against no ."
2 abb shares fall on court verdict shares in swiss engineering giant abb plummet 13 after a us court rejects its bid to limit a multi - billion dollar asbestos claim
3 "oracle 's wish comes true ( washingtonpost.com ) washingtonpost.com - oracle is one step closer to taking over rival peoplesoft now that a federal judge has ruled against the federal government 's effort to thwart the # 36;7.7 billion hostile bid over antitrust concerns , a decision that could spark a rash of tech - sector acquisition attempts ."
3 "netapp ceo : no storage spending shortfall ( techweb ) techweb - customers are decoupling storage from server purchases , which explains why emc and netapp earnings were up and why sun and hp were flat or down , warmenhoven says ."
2 "data view : singapore aug indus output below expectations singapore ( dow jones)--singapore # 39;s industrial output rose a smaller - than - expected 5.3 on year in august , as the production of pharmaceuticals fell sharply from a high base a year ago ."
0 "dogs said to smell cancer signs london -- it has long been suspected that man 's best friend has a special ability to sense when something is wrong with us . now , the first experiment to verify that scientifically has demonstrated that dogs are able to smell cancer ."
2 alaskan pipeline has hurdles energy companies planning a \$20 billion gas pipeline to us consuming markets from alaska welcomed new federal loan guarantees but cautioned tuesday that other issues must be resolved before the huge project proceeds .
1 "us men # 39;s basketball routs angola athens , greece ( sports network ) - tim duncan led a balanced american attack with 15 points and seven rebounds , as the united states men # 39;s basketball team completed the preliminary round with a resounding 89 - 53 victory over winless angola ."
0 "russia 's putin once again heads ex - soviet bloc ( afp ) afp - president vladimir putin took over once again as head of the cis ex - soviet bloc at a summit in the kazakh capital astana , the interfax news agency reported ."
3 "microsoft signs two indian deals microsoft is to form multi - million pound partnerships with two indian software firms , and is expected to double the 1,500 people it already employs in india ."
0 "legendary all - rounder miller dies keith miller , arguably australia 's greatest all - rounder in test cricket , has died in melbourne aged 84 ."
0 "mich. elephant gets therapy for arthritis royal oak , mich. - like any patient , wanda needs positive reinforcement to wrestle through her physical therapy ..."
2 "oracle # 39;s catz sees peoplesoft profit declining ( update1 ) peoplesoft inc. # 39;s profit may drop significantly # 39 ; # 39 ; this year , and the company may have trouble surviving on its own , oracle corp."
0 "one billion # 39;denied a childhood # 39 ; more than one billion children around the world face a brutal existence because of poverty , war and aids , the un children # 39;s agency reports ."
0 "gangs on prowl in storm - wracked haiti ( ap ) ap - victims who lost relatives , homes and belongings in tropical storm jeanne are now tormented by street gangs who attack food convoys , raid homes at night and shoot those who get in their way ."
1 "perez struggles against the cardinals odalis perez learned just how quickly things could unravel against the potent st. louis cardinals . after allowing albert pujols # 39 ; first - inning home run tuesday , perez held the cardinals hitless until there were two outs in the third ."
0 "arafat dead at 75 paris -- yasser arafat , who triumphantly forced his people 's plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for palestinian statehood , died this morning at a french hospital , the chief doctor at the hospital said . he was 75 ."
3 "coping with the common cold by karen pallarito , healthday reporter healthdaynews -- determined this cold season to nip your sneezing , runny nose and scratchy throat in the bud before those nasty respiratory symptoms sideline you ? there 's a broad array of cold remedies you might want to try , ranging from over - the - counter preparations to basic ingredients tucked away in your kitchen pantry . so what 'll it be ? a combination pain reliever and nasal decongestant ? vitamin c and echinacea ? tea with honey ? a brimming bowl of chicken soup ? it turns out the best advice for dealing with the misery of a cold is the same principle mothers often apply when trying to coax their unruly toddlers to take a nap : whatever works ..."
3 "enter your e - mail : if you can # 39;t beat google , make it better -- that seems to be the lesson of a9.com , amazon # 39;s intriguing new search site . for web searches , a9 simply gives you google # 39;s results , but it does a lot more -- for instance"
0 africa fights aids with girl power a bill is currently in uganda 's parliament that would strengthen women 's rights .
3 "ants follow forks in their roads to find home forget gps , forget road signs . researchers in england say foraging pharaoh 's ants employ a simpler means to find their way home : geometry ."
2 "boeing , airbus competition escalates into trade war a decades - long struggle between the world 's two largest aircraft makers escalated into a trade war between the united states and europe , just as france - based airbus stepped up plans to challenge boeing for lucrative us defense contracts ."
0 "sudan backtracks on aid workers sudan reverses its decision to expel oxfam and save the children 's local heads , accused of political meddling ."
1 sri lanka batsman fined as pakistan tie series sri lanka # 39;s kumar sangakkara has been fined 30 of his match fee for showing dissent during the fourth day of the second test against pakistan in karachi .
0 "un signs pact with new world court opposed by u.s. united nations ( reuters ) - the united nations signed a cooperation agreement on monday with the new international criminal court , despite objections to the tribunal from the united states ."
1 haywood suspended for three games new york - brendan haywood of the washington wizards was suspended for three games by the nba yesterday for fighting during a pre - season game against the chicago bulls .
3 "microsoft plans heavy hype for ' halo 2 ' "" halo 2 "" appears to be one of the most hotly hyped and heavily anticipated video games ever , and microsoft is planning a tuesday release that may rival the best of hollywood 's movie glitz . & lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
1 "nowitzki , mavericks snap timberwolves # 39 ; streak dirk nowitzki scored 23 of his 34 points in the second half as the dallas mavericks snapped the minnesota timberwolves # 39 ; five - game winning streak 97 - 87 ."
0 "pakistan 's musharraf to retain army post pakistani president pervez musharraf will stay on as chief of the army staff beyond the date he promised to give up the post , the information minister said on wednesday ."
3 "ipod , dvd players lead aug. electronics prices lower new york ( reuters ) - price declines for u.s. consumer electronics accelerated in august , fueled by discounted price cuts for the popular ipod digital music player and traditional dvd players , according to an industry study prepared for reuters ."
0 "us official murdered in baghdad washington : a us state department official who worked with the iraqi ministers of education and higher education was murdered in baghdad by a group linked to abu musab al - zarqawi , the group claimed on thursday ."
2 "dominicans ' swift step into crisis santo domingo , dominican republic -- when sandro batista smashed his banana truck into a tree in april , leaving him with two hideously shattered legs and a broken arm , his orthopedic surgeon sent his sister shopping ."
0 "broadcaster donates # 36;325,000 to gop ( ap ) ap - one of the state 's biggest broadcasters has given 13 republican county committees # 36;325,000 worth of free air time to promote candidates on its radio and television stations throughout california ."
1 "jaret wright back in the postseason spotlight with braves jaret wright couldn # 39;t get much lower : waived by a last - place team , he stood outside houston # 39;s minute maid park with his luggage stacked beside him , waiting for a cab that would take him to the airport ."
2 "currency trading rises to record \$1.9 trillion a day ( update3 ) foreign - exchange trading surged to a record daily average of \$1.9 trillion this year as hedge funds and other money managers increased bets on currencies , according to the bank for international settlements ."
1 schilling will not start game 5 of alcs that # 39;s the state of the boston red sox pitching rotation after schilling was scratched from his scheduled game 5 start because of a sore ankle .
0 jordan # 39;s zarqawi financier jailed six months jordan # 39;s state security court jailed an islamist militant for six months on sunday for financing al qaeda ally abu musab al - zarqawi # 39;s bombings in iraq but found no evidence to charge him with plotting any attacks .
1 "spurs 107 , mavericks 89 devin brown sparked a fourth - quarter spurt with two three - point plays and two dunks , helping the san antonio spurs beat the dallas mavericks 107 - 89 monday night to spoil the pseudo - coaching debut of avery johnson ."
3 "salesforce.com 2q profit up sharply software developer salesforce.com inc. posted a sharp rise in second - quarter profit on better - than - expected revenue during its first quarter as a public company , but investors shunned the stock in late trading"
1 "chip shots no long game : it had figured to be a whirlwind tour for john daly -- from germany to the deutsche bank championship in our neck of the woods , then onward to the other side of the world to defend his korean open title . but his late commitment to the deutsche bank and the unusual monday finish apparently wore him out . ..."
3 "europe # 39;s mission to moon called success in this artist # 39;s rendition released by the european space agency , the european - made smart-1 solar - powered satellite is seen nearing the moon on its way to make the first comprehensive inventory of key chemical elements in the lunar surface ."
1 "houston isn # 39;t ready , but the knicks will have to be there is no simple way to replace one of the most accurate outside shooters in the game , but starting next week , barring a miraculous turn in allan houston # 39;s health , the knicks will try ."
3 "dell ac adaptors recalled october 8 , 2004 - dell inc. is recalling about 2.9 million ac adapters nationwide _ 4.4 million worldwide _ used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock"
3 "microsoft amp ; novell rumble over linux while its always interesting to watch two equally opinionated groups go at it , particularly over something as fundamental as whether linux is worth it ; the current fight is comical at best ."
2 "wrigley bites into kraft wrigley is buying the life savers and altoids sweet and mint businesses from kraft foods for 800 million . the deal allows wrigley to expand in the sweet section , while leaving kraft to focus on the rest of its food business ."
3 "sun to refresh ultrasparc servers san franciscosun microsystems inc. next week will roll out two new servers featuring its ultrasparc iv processors , a sun executive said friday ."
2 "update 3 : adm # 39;s earnings skyrocket ; stocks soars shares in agribusiness giant archer daniels midland co. soared to a 6 1/2-year high friday , fueled by a 77 percent increase in quarterly earnings ."
1 "update 1-rookie johnson shares buick lead with funk rookie zach johnson produced the day # 39;s joint best score , a five - under - par 65 , to join fred funk at the top of the leaderboard after the second round of the \$4 ."
0 hundreds trapped in russia mine five miners are killed by an explosion which leaves up to 240 trapped in a siberian coal mine .
0 how long will the pop press stomach the horrors of iraq ? the sickening accounts of the ordeal of ken bigley have brought home to everyone the true wretchedness of the present situation in iraq .
0 "three people killed at afghan checkpoint kabul ( reuters ) - a man and two women were shot dead by afghan and u.s .- led troops after their vehicle ran through a checkpoint on saturday , a u.s. military statement said ."
3 peoplesoft chief threatens to sue over oracle statements peoplesoft 's chief executive accused oracle of spreading misleading information about his stock sales and threatened to sue for defamation .
2 "boeing thinks airbus is too optimistic on sector recovery the head of us aircraft maker boeing , harry stonecipher , said friday that the recovery in the sector would not be as strong as arch - rival airbus was anticipating ."
3 "daily digest realnetworks inc. has sold about 3 million songs online during a three- week , half - price sale designed to promote an alternative to apple computer inc."
2 rumors suggest photo ability to be added to ipod quot;apple has invested heavily in technology to edit pictures . not having a portable device to show them seemed an obvious oversight that would be corrected once the price of the displays
3 "up , down and away : nasa # 39;s # 39;weightless wonder # 39 ; makes final flight houston -- the nasa turbojet notoriously known as the quot;vomit comet quot ; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight friday ."
2 "daimlerchrysler , gm to team up on hybrid engines general motors and daimlerchrysler say they # 39;re teaming up to develop hybrid technology for use in their vehicles . the two giant automakers say they have signed a memorandum of understanding ."
1 "ace 's wicked run leaves us wanting more seven years of pedro . went by quickly , huh ? seven years , the best of which may very well have been the best pitching ever done in a boston uniform . seven years of feistiness . seven years of blazing fastballs . seven years of spellbinding changeups . seven years of pitching inside , sometimes waaaaay inside . seven years of double - digit strikeouts . seven years of sheer virtuosity . ..."
3 "ky. company wins grant to study peptides ( ap ) ap - a company founded by a chemistry researcher at the university of louisville won a grant to develop a method of producing better peptides , which are short chains of amino acids , the building blocks of proteins ."
0 "iraq promises to release one of two high - profile women prisoners baghdad iraq promised wednesday to release one of two high - profile women prisoners , but officials denied the decision was linked to demands by militants who purportedly killed two american hostages and are threatening to execute a briton unless all female"
1 "hamm flap , dream team just wrong athens , greece -- look at it this way : at least the us basketball team won # 39;t be asked to give back its gold medal . on a day that was olympic in scope both for its shock value and its intrinsic weirdness , the"
1 "guard registers a special point gary payton did n't know he had joined the 20,000-point club last night until the public address announcer at the fleetcenter trumpeted the feat ."
0 "earthquake shook yunnan , china baoshan , china - a strong earthquake shook southwest china . the epicenter of magnitude 5 quakes on the richter scale was located in the province of yunnan not far from the city of baoshan ."
0 "british re - enact charge of light brigade ( ap ) ap - britain 's prince philip and saber - waving cavalry re - enactors commemorated the charge of the light brigade on monday , 150 years after the doomed british assault against russian cannons in a crimean war battle immortalized by the poet alfred lord tennyson ."
0 bush faces heavy pre - rnc travel schedule ( ap ) ap - president bush charges into the final runup to the republican national convention with a heavy campaign schedule in key states he needs to carry in november .
0 "pakistan tests medium - range nuclear - capable missile ( reuters ) reuters - pakistan test - fired on wednesday a\nuclear - capable , surface - to - surface ballistic missile , capable\of hitting targets deep inside arch - rival india ."
0 "thousands to attend moscow anti - terror rally over 100,000 people are expected to attend an anti - terrorism rally in moscow following the beslan school massacre . the rally , being held outside the kremlin , is taking place on the second day of official morning"
3 "netratings survey shows broadband users now a majority in us august 18 , 2004 ( idg news service ) - a majority of us home internet users now have broadband , according to a survey by netratings inc."
2 united pilots cut deal on pensions united airlines pilots would drop their opposition to the carrier 's much - decried plan to eliminate traditional pensions under a tentative contract agreement approved by union leaders .
3 "polese steps into open - source fray former sun and marimba executive kim polese takes the helm of spikesource , a start - up which will offer services around open source software ."
2 germans plan mass welfare rallies nationwide protests are set to take place in germany as cuts in unemployment benefit take effect .
0 "same - sex divorce rules still hazy now that an ontario couple has been given canada # 39;s first same - sex divorce , experts are divided over just how easy it will be for gays and lesbians in other provinces to end their marriages ."
1 "florida upsets no . 10 florida state 20 - 13 florida state # 39;s chauncey stovall , left , comes down with a fourth - quarter - touchdown catch as florida defender vernell brown , right , falls down , saturday , nov. 20 , 2004 , in tallahassee , fla."
0 "uk to host mideast conference : report london , december 6 ( islamonline.net amp ; news agencies ) - britain received a green light from washington to host a conference on middle east peace after the palestinian presidential elections , a british news paper reported monday , december 6 ."
0 israeli officer arrested over killing of gaza girl ( reuters ) reuters - israeli military police on tuesday\arrested a commander accused by comrades of riddling the body\of a palestinian schoolgirl with bullets after fellow soldiers\killed her .
3 "ipod helps lift apple 's fourth - quarter profit the ipod helped apple 's profit get up and dance . apple computer inc. reported wednesday that net income for its fourth fiscal quarter jumped 140 percent from the same period a year ago . & lt;br&gt;&lt;font face=""verdana , ms sans serif , arial , helvetica "" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;b&gt ;- the washington post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt ;"
0 "dead iraqi # 39;s family wins demand for uk abuse probe in a test case over british troops # 39 ; alleged abuse of iraqi civilians , a london court on tuesday backed demands for an independent inquiry into claims a basra hotel worker was beaten to death by uk soldiers ."
1 "report : gretzky pondering a move to coaching mesa , az ( sports network ) - phoenix coyotes managing partner wayne gretzky is considering a move into the coaching ranks , according to a published report ."
3 "flat - screen tv emits international distress signal could your tv call the air force ? apparently , toshiba flat - screens can ! tv doesn # 39;t get much better than this ... quot;an oregon man discovered earlier this month that his year - old toshiba corporation flat - screen"
3 "virgin tunes into the online music market quot;we do nt see this market as crowded . there is tremendous growth potential quot ; - zack zalon , virgin digital president . story in full virgin mobile , part of billionaire sir richard bransons sprawling business"
1 "finley to remain in southern calif. , with angels anaheim , calif. ( sports network ) - the anaheim angels have reportedly agreed to a contract with veteran free - agent outfielder steve finley ."
1 goal - happy ajax and feyenoord maintain perfect starts champions ajax amsterdam came from behind to thrash nac breda 6 - 2 on sunday while feyenoord hit four past willem ii tilburg to regain the early lead in the dutch first division .
1 "inzaghi fit for start of season ac milan striker filippo inzaghi is fit for the start of the serie a season after recovering from an ankle injury , the club said on thursday ."
1 button decision delayed jenson button must wait until next month before discovering which formula one team he can race for next season . he wants to leave bar for williams but both teams claim to have a deal with the british driver
1 "cink leads nec invitational by one shot ( ap ) ap - free from the burden of trying to make the ryder cup team , stewart cink looked at ease thursday on a marathon day at the nec invitational that ended with his name atop the leaderboard ."
0 "milosevic # 39;s lawyers to appeal own appointment the hague , netherlands -- the two lawyers representing slobodan milosevic filed papers thursday ( 9 september ) , asking for permission to appeal their appointment by the un tribunal ."
1 bills ' williams sustains neck injury ( ap ) ap - bills right tackle mike williams sustained a neck injury and was driven off the field in an ambulance during the third quarter of buffalo 's 22 - 17 victory over the new york jets on sunday .
1 "singer : minaya returns home new york -- omar minaya stood behind a small lectern in a danky room in the bowels of shea stadium , and allowed his life to flash before his eyes ."
3 "microsoft patches for isa server 2000 and proxy server 2.0 microsoft has released bulletin ms04 - 039 reporting a security vulnerability in internet security and acceleration ( isa ) server 2000 and in proxy server 2.0 , and has also announced the availability of the patches to resolve these issues ."
1 "former red left hole struggling bullpen has yet to fill nearly six months have passed since the reds traded chris reitsma to atlanta , but sean casey still regrets the move . quot;you look at all the success the braves"
3 "trojan horse drives spam into cell phones infected computers send out a slew of unwanted text messages , a security firm says ."
1 "langer leads the australian charge justin langer # 39;s coruscating unbeaten 181 shone through on an enthralling day of test cricket when australia demonstrated , once again , why they are by far the best side in the world ."
3 "sun sets sights on linux vendors ( ap ) ap - after years of battling microsoft corp. , sun microsystems inc. has set its sights on linux vendors , seeking to jump into a low - end but high - volume market it 's been accused of ignoring ."
0 "half of men on pitcairn island on trial for alleged sex abuse a small , prefabricated affair , consisting of just six cells . they have an incentive to build it well : seven of them could soon be living there ."
2 "update 4-new york # 39;s spitzer charges universal life with fraud new york attorney general eliot spitzer on friday filed suit against universal life resources ( ulr ) , charging the life and disability insurance broker with taking fraudulent kick - backs for steering business to certain insurers"
1 "everton goes second with derby win liverpool , england ( sports network ) - everton moved up to second place in the premiership saturday with a 1 - 0 win over arch - rival liverpool at goodison park ."
3 group questions e - voting security black box voting hopes to halt the use of diebold 's voting machines .
1 "pacers triumph in harrington # 39;s return harrington scored a season - high 30 points in a superlative performance against his former team , but the indiana pacers still escaped conseco fieldhouse with a 93 - 83 victory over atlanta ."
2 "eisner continues defense of hiring , firing georgetown , del. , nov. 18 -- when walt disney co. chief executive michael d. eisner and disney president michael s. ovitz appeared on "" larry king live "" on sept. 30 , 1996 , their corporate partnership was dissolving into an acrimonious disaster ."
3 "apple sailing on digital river the ipod -s a nifty little device , primarily allowing you to listen to downloaded music , but also giving you the opportunity"
2 "industrial output falls in japan japan 's industrial production falls in october while unemployment rises , providing more evidence of a slowdown in the world 's second largest economy ."
1 phillies relieve bowa of his duties the phillies ended months of speculation when they announced the dismissal of manager larry bowa before saturday # 39;s game against the marlins at citizens bank park .
2 russia official gives yukos assurance finance minister tells ft that asset sales to pay off tax debt will be market - oriented . moscow ( reuters ) - russian finance minister alexei kudrin has promised that asset sales to pay off the tax debts of troubled
0 we have to learn to be patient on indian pitches : smith ( afp ) afp - south african skipper graeme smith said his team had to learn to be patient on slow pitches if they hoped to do well in an upcoming two - test series against india .
3 "amazon # 39;s a9 search evens out google results with links to books at amazon.com , the internet movie database , google images , and gurunet.com , plus site information , including similar links that others have followed ."
0 " # 39;somebody please save my dad # 39 ; nick du toit # 39;s wife and stepdaughter are distraught that there is nothing they can do to help him . on monday his stepdaughter , marilise bezuidenhout , was forced to convey the news of his possible death sentence"
3 "ibm - led community to plug power architecture ibm this week announced the formation of power.org , a collaborative community of itself and 14 partner companies with the goal of promoting hardware and software development centered"
0 "at least five dead in russia mine blast quot;at 9:45 am ( 2:45 am british time ) we received the signal for a methane blast . at the time , a 45-strong repair team was working in that ."
0 barroso proposal to defuse eu commissioner row rejected the socialist group in the european parliament ( ep ) on thursday rejected a proposal by incoming european commission president jose manuel barroso designed to defuse a row over
3 "sims 2 plays with life addicts the sims 2 adds dna into the mix and much more realistic 3d graphics , which gives the game an eerie feeling of reality ."
1 "anticipation nation lincoln , neb. -- carly simon got it right a generation ago . an - ti - ci - pa - tion . she was n't singing about college football , but out here in the heartland of america , as husker nation prepares for a new season , the sense of anticipation is enormous ."
0 "un kabul kidnappers reveal demands a militant group is threatening to kill three un hostages kidnapped in afghanistan , including a british woman , unless all taliban prisoners are released ."
1 "wenger commits future to arsenal arsenal fc have agreed a three - year contract extension with manager arsne wenger , retaining the frenchman # 39;s services until may 2008 ."
1 "braves hope furcal # 39;s situation doesn # 39;t tarnish race while rafael furcal # 39;s dui arrest on friday could serve as a distraction for the remainder of the season , the braves are looking to put the matter behind them , and at the"
0 "trial of accused us vigilantes resumes kabul , afghanistan aug. 23 , 2004 - a defense lawyer for one of three americans accused of torturing a dozen afghan prisoners in a private jail showed a video in court monday of afghanistan # 39;s former education"
2 "update 1 : london exchange rejects german proposal the london stock exchange plc has received and rejected a bid proposal from germany # 39;s main stock exchange , deutsche boerse ag , the exchanges said monday ."
1 "bears place brown on injured reserve ( ap ) ap - the chicago bears placed mike brown on injured reserve tuesday , one day after announcing the safety would miss the rest of the season with a torn achilles ' tendon ."
2 "treasury prices take a breather today new york ( reuters ) - u.s. treasury prices paused for breath on tuesday after a blistering two - session rally ran out of steam , though analysts still saw room to the upside given the large short - base in the market ."
2 "new york times co. announces plan to sell manhattan building _ the new york times co. plans to sell its building on west 43rd street in manhattan to a partnership led by tishman speyer properties , the companies announced monday ."
