1 this is a great little place to grab sushi for lunch . the staff are friendly and the prices are fair . a great alternative to the typical lunch fair .
0 "i love hot n juicy . but i 'm going to stick to the locations on spring mountain because the service at this location sucks . \n\nour server was a filipino guy and he was friendly and upbeat , but he seemed more interested in having conversations with his co workers behind the registers . he forgot our refills so after 15 mins we had to get another server 's attention . and she forgot too ! \nfood was good , but the service at this location is n't the same like the other locations . the girls and guys at the spring mountain locations are always moving fast and friendly . wo n't be coming here again ."
0 "\""this world needs a new plague\ "" - dwight k. schrutte\n\n\nthat 's how i felt after my last trip to mario 's . perhaps it was because i was the only sober person on carson street at 1 am on halloween but i have never been angrier at a bar ever . to start the doorman was an ass . i ca n't blame him all that much because i would be pissed too with the amount of \""21\ "" year old asshats coming through the doors but at least try to maintain some professionalism . same with the bartenders . ok i get it you are busy . but you are going to make a grand tonight so suck it up cupcake . also use you head . do n't spend so much time on the drunk sluts who order 10 drinks one at a time and do n't tip . my biggest complaint however was the clientele . so many assholes that for the first time i honestly hoped a place would spontaneously combust with everyone inside just for the good of humanity . i wish i could say that this was unusual but this seems to be the same story song and dance every weekend at mario 's . \n\nyou may ask why this review is getting a 2 star . i must grudgingly say that mario 's does have some redeeming qualities , just earlier in the day . the decor is almost \""cheers\""-like . lots of wood and stained glass . the service , when the bar is about empty , has always been at least pleasant . the food is ok too . nothing great ; standard greasy bar food . \n\nall in all this place is a passable bar prior to about 10 pm . otherwise avoid mario 's like it was giving out free ebola injections with every admittance ."
0 "ewww . this place is pretty gross . i 've been here once , and hope to never have to go there again . their ' patio ' area is just a big smokers den - with ashes all over the seats and tables . the interior smells funky and i had to wait at the empty bar for about 10 minutes to order my beer ... not sure what took the bartender so long since i was the only customer at the time . my friends lured me here in order to watch a volleyball game , promising cold beverages while watching some fun tourney action ( there is a vollyball court out back ) . what they failed to mention is that it 's not actually part of the bar , so the frosty beverages were enjoyed ( ? ) by myself within the barred enclosure of the patio while my friends sat on the grass about 50 feet away . good times i hope not to repeat ."
1 "vanity is located inside the hard rock casino.\n\nwe had a good time at vanity , although our review may be biased since we did have a table and gained easy entry through dj zhaldee ( thanks z ! ) i liked the dancefloor layout . the crowd is a good mix of beautiful people of various ethnicities . staff is friendly . deejays off - da - hook for sure ! \n\non the night we went , a lot of smiles on clubgoers faces . no drama or muggin ' . all good vibes ! \n\nif you 're looking for a fun atmosphere with good music and good vibes , i recommend vanity . if you 're looking for the l.a. glitz and glamor environment , you 're better off heading to encore.\n\nwe had a great time at vanity ! would go back again for sure ."
0 "so after driving by this place everyday i decided to give it a shot . i originally went there on a lunchdate thinking it was a sit down and order establishment . well i was wrong so at that point we went elsewhere . so i went back for carryout tonight . in a nutshell i 'm not impressed by it all , but there are some silver linings.\n\nservice - meh , middle of the road . not bad , not good . the employees looked annoyed and did n't want to be there . but i was asked about sides and options and got a \""thank you\ "" after transaction so i ca n't burn them too bad for not whistling while they work . \n6/10\n\nfood quality - i ordered the steak quesadilla cause i love fried tortillas and lots of cheese inside . well , i was very disapointed . granted they press the tortillas there and fry it up in front of you , mine was not very fried . i worked at restaurants and cooked quesadillas on \""mexi night\ "" and mine were always crispy and hot . this one was merely warmed up and retained little heat during the 1 mile drive home . while the quesadilla was n't much better than taco bells version , the chips and queso and guacamole were excellent . very good guac ! ! it was rich and chunky unlike canned stuff . maybe i 'll just stick to burritos if i go there cause the steak was tasty . \n5/10 only because of the guac , 3/10 without it.\n\nprice - $ 5 for that undercooked quesadilla is a sham . $ 3 tops . the chips and queso were also a bit pricey at $ 3 . i spent $ 8.50 on the quesadilla , chips , queso and guacamole . i felt like it was a $ 5 meal in the end.\n3/10\n\nexperience / vibe - very plain much like other tex mex joints like qdoba and chipotle , only a little worse . the dining setup is awkward and weirdly lit . \n5/10\n\noverall - 19/40 . \n\nwhen the sides impress me more than the main dish i can only give two stars tops . i m sure it would be closer to 3 if i ordered the burrito since that s just easier than a quesadilla but i do n't really like burritos that much , so guys lets work on that tortilla frying and better portions !"
1 "i was looking for some tires obviously-22 's that is . planned on getting some tires on the weekend . ended up getting stuck in phoenix on a friday night after 5 pm . this place was not only open , stayed open late for me & had the best prices . they were $ 300-$600 cheaper than their competitors i had been getting quotes from ! i just sent a friend their way & same story . he saved a couple hundred from his quotes at discount & big - o , even with his \""commercial discount\ "" when somebody needs tires , this is where i send them !"
0 "nice ambiance . waited 30 min for table ... no worries for friday night and no reservations . saw waited twice ... asst manager stood in as \""waitress\ "" . ordered baby back ribs for a child and an adult , both plates came out cold.\nreally only saw waiter ! !"
1 "i have a friend who is from austria , and she hates the fact that this place is named just like an austrian dish that does not consist of hot dogs or anything like that . that aside ... \n\ni like this place . they have good deals , though the trade - off for that is you 're not getting the best food ever . if you walk in here with expectations of high - quality food , this is not it . think del taco and you 're on the right track . \n\ni do n't really have a lot to say about this place other than it 's value - oriented . and there 's a subway connected to it if you feel like eating that ."
1 "stopped in for a drink to celebrate my husband 's birthday . swank place , stunning really . they specialize in cocktails but offer a nice beer selection too . pissing boy was new to us and a real winner . service was prompt and friendly . drinks are pricey , but this is not your usual bar . the patio was closed for a private event . we will have to see that another time . a real nice addition to downtown ."
1 "alright , upon returning to brgr after my not - so - good experience last year , i found myself hoping for a better time . well , i got my wish ! brgr competes bigtime with the other burger joints in the area.\n\nmy burger , the button buster , was absolutely delicious . it was cooked perfectly medium rare , just as i asked for . you can tell that brgr puts extra care in their meat . one can taste the difference in the quality and preparation of the meat at first bite.\n\nthe toppings were great on my burger , and unlike last time , i did not feel jipped at all when it came to packedness factor ( the amount of toppings they pack onto the burger).\n\nstill , my one complaint is you have to pay extra for sides . just give me a side of chips , and charger me an extra buck . i would rather have that then to pay a la carte for a side . also , gimme some more non - alcoholic milkshake options . if they 'd do this , they would easily be competing for the spot in my heart as the best burger in pittsburgh.\n\nall - in - all , it was a great meal . i will definitely be coming back and bringing my family . they deserve to have their minds updated and refreshed on what brgr brings to the table ."
0 bourbon steak house- was fantastic\n\nproperty not well maintained \n\nthe property staff and service is deplorable --- stay away
0 "website says open till 11 pm on wednesdays , called at 10:25 to order something for pick - up , was told they closed half an hour ago ."
1 "if you 're looking for a bakery in charlotte , you really have to do some digging . nona 's sweets is a great find . one word of caution : they are moving . it 's just up the street , but if you are used to them in their current location , you 'll need to look for them in the new place soon . it 's in the old hollywood video location.\n\nanyway , nona 's is a great little bakery offering all sorts of items for your sweet tooth , including the aforementioned \""cupcake bar\ "" . i 'm not much for cake , and prefer cookies , but luckily she has me covered there too . lots of cookies to choose from . feel free to go as wild as you like.\n\nand if you like to watch cake shows , she 'll be on platinum weddings in 2010 . january i think ."
0 "beware spencer 's . horrible customer service . \nwe just had a very bad experience that ended with visa ruling in our favor to refund our money . \nwe ordered a vent - a - hood from spencers to be shipped to our home in california . they shipped it ups and requested no signature on delivery . it was left at the door because no one was home . when we found it - we noticed the box was very damaged and the hood was dented . we immediately called spencers and told them we received a damaged hood . most vendors we have dealt with would simple say \""ship it back and we will replace it\ "" . not spencers - their response was - that 's not our problem - if you want a new one we will sell it to you - its your problem\ "" i was actually speechless that they would say that . \n\nwe called ups and they came right out and picked it up . ups also told us that we can not claim the damage because only the shipper ( aka spencers ) can claim damage as they contracted and paid for the shipping . this makes perfect sense to almost any average person . spencers argued with us and said we accepted the damaged shipment so it is our problem . how could we accept a shipment that they ( yes spencers ) did not require a signature for so it was left at our home when we were not there ? as soon as we discovered the damage we called them . \n\nthese guys are just plain bad people . they do n't care about you as a customer and apparently they do n't care at all about their reputation . we filed a complaint with visa and they quickly agreed with us that it is spencers fault and they were supposed to deliver to us a hood in new condition . they contracted ups and any damage they have to work with their shipper on . \n\nneedless to say we were about to purchase a $ 10,000 range from them which we cancelled - what idiots . \n\ni did further research and found that they received numerous complaints from consumers on after sales support . yelp , yahoo and even the better business bureau of phoenix can give you a good idea of what these people are like . \n\nbeware and shop somewhere else ."
0 "little las vegas with all their cultural imitation crap , except without the fun ."
0 "ce n'est plus se que c'\u00e9tait ! maintenant c'est plus grand , ils te servent ton poulet \u00e0 la vitesse de la lumi\u00e8re et parfois il y a tellement de fum\u00e9e dans le resto que les seul bonne place sont sur la petite terrasse ! pas facile l'hiver \u00e0 montr\u00e9al ..... mais se qui me d\u00e9prime le plus c'est que maintenant le poulet ( surtout vers la fin de la soir\u00e9e ) est sec et trop sal\u00e9e . en r\u00e9sum\u00e9 je n'y vais plus . je leur ai donn\u00e9 plusieurs seconde chances ( une dizaine ) maintenant le poulet il n'est plus bon . \nje sais j'ai d\u00e9couvert le poulet grill\u00e9 portugais lors d'un de mes plus beau voyage , dans le seul autre pays ou je me voie vivre \u00e0 part le qu\u00e9bec . je suis donc difficile.\n\npourquoi 2 * : je n'entre pas dans les d\u00e9tailles mais c'est trop d\u00e9primant de voir un endroit qu'on aime depuis qu'il a ouvert changer les petites choses qui font que c'\u00e9tait un 5 * m\u00eame si sont des italiens qui font de la cuisine portugaise ! leur pizza au four \u00e0 bois a toujours \u00e9t\u00e9 moyenne sans plus , le saumon trop cuit .... il me restait le \""bitoque\ "" mais \u00e7a ne suffi pas . un de mes amis m'a sugg\u00e9r\u00e9 d'en parler au g\u00e9rant ! non je vais ailleurs il y a 2 autres resto de grillades portugaise dans mon quartier . je les laissent mourir . je me sent tromp\u00e9 en fait il \u00e9tait gentils avec moi juste pur mon argent ! ! ! ! ! il y en a un autre super bon dans mon quartier j'ajoute le commerce et on en reparle ! ! ! et oui le roi de plateau a ferm\u00e9 , le ramados a br\u00fbl\u00e9 .... je commence \u00e0 penser qu'il y a un complot de la mafia italienne qui veut prendre le contr\u00f4le de la business du poulet portugais \u00e0 montr\u00e9al.\n\nps : je publie ma critique du lauwrence sur st .- laurent la semaine prochaine et toutes mais critique du mois de mars ne d\u00e9passeront par + de 2 * ..... fermont ces commerces indignent qui commencent \u00e0 polluer cette ville de restauration presque parfaite qu'est montr\u00e9al ! ! ! ! !"
0 "decor was beautiful . service was spotty but friendly . food was surprisingly bland ( fillet mignon , calamari , prawns & sauteed mushrooms . ) spent $ 89 . maybe it was an off day . received a nice apology from management on line after review ."
0 "i checked this place out on a saturday around 11 pm thanks to yelp . its surrounded by about 5 other bars , which you may want to go to . walked in with a friend , there was about 75 men and 8 ladies . we pretty much turned around and walked back out . you can get that ratio at any pub in vegas . dark , older , bench seats , it was nt impressive at a glance ."
1 "excellent food , excellent service . pricey , but definitely worth it . the ambiance is cozy and classy as you sit in a room with just a few other tables . the pot de creme is amazing ."
1 "i love this location . the people are courteous and friendly , and i have never had to wait in line . \n\nto make a very , very , very long story short : i am a recent convert to wells fargo . tom quinsler , the branch manager , for this location went out of his way to assist me in the cash purchase of a home . due to the large nature of the transactions , my money could have been held for weeks until the bank was certain i was not a terrorist or a thief . tom inserted himself in the situation and allowed me access to my money so that i could meet the date requirements for my home purchase . \n\ntom risked a slap on the hand to meet a customers ' need , and that is customer service that we just no longer see . my thanks to tom and his staff for making what could have been a nightmare into a good experience !"
0 worst customer service i 've ever dealt with . my upgrade was available and i wanted to switch to the iphone 4s . he told me that not only is it on back order for two weeks but the apple store in the mall was flat out also and i had no reason to check there . i not only got my phone at the apple store but they had no shortage of phones .
0 "ok , so after 2 tries , i 'm giving this a 2 star review , which is a bit negative . place is colorful as all get - out , and fun , loud , and kind of exciting first time you visit . after the 2nd time though , i think it 's a tad overpriced for all the fanfare . and , yet we have another fast food joint , made to be a restaurant , where you have to pick up your own food . \n\nnote to all restauarnt owners ... if i want to pay high prices for food , bring it to me ! i do n't want to stand in line , i do n't want to wait for my name to be called , just bring the damn thing to my table . hell ... even carl 's jr. brings your order to where i am sitting.\ni'm not lazy . it 's just stupid to pay restaurant prices for fast food , in a sense . it 's not that often i crave a chili dog . but i can grab a can of hormel 's chili for a buck , and package of hot dogs for 2 bucks , and with cheese and inions , i can feed myself and 4 friends for about a buck each . what 's the difference between my deal and this place ? about ten frickin ' dollars i tell ya ' . i can get a better hot dog at costco , thank you very much . wo n't be returning.\n\nand all you people from chicago ... always talking about your town ... selling out the diamondback games when your beloved cubs are in town ... welcome chicago to the desert , etc . etc . why did ya'all leave , and why are you here , if it 's such a gosh - darn great town ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?"
0 "the food was actually great , this review is for the service . \ni was actually blown away by the terrible service we received from our waiter . from the moment he came to our table , i knew we what we were in for . it was one smart mouth comment after another from him . he was very negative about happy hour when we inquired what the specials were.\""there is a happy hour , its nothing really special , but yeah , there is a happy hour\ "" . ok . we never did hear what the happy hour entailed . we waited quite some time for our drinks . he messed up a dinner order and said that cook must have read the order wrong , so while 3 of us received our dinners , 1 sat with an empty bread plate . we had to ask for bread and he appeared very bothered by that , commenting , \ "" i was about to bring it to you anyway.\ "" \nwe waited quite some time for the checks . when he finally appeared , he said that the person that rang up our order , did it incorrectly , so he made the corrections in pen on the receipt . we carefully looked at the check and saw errors right away . when we brought it to his attention , he made another smart comment about another server probably ringing it up wrong . \nnever a smile , thank you , have a good night , nothing . it was an incredibly negative experience . a member of our party spoke to a manger as we were leaving . when he told the manager some of the comments made by our server , she said \ "" i know exactly who you are talking about . was it * * * * * ? \ "" and it was . wow . i do n't care so much that the service was a little slow , it was the server 's negative attitude that totally turned me off . again , our food was great , but i just ca n't justify paying 50 bucks for dinner & drinks and being treated so poorly . will not be returning ."
0 "i must look like a sucker . i needed a usb to micro usb cable and the guy says \""oh yeah , he gots one\ "" . total price was $ 22.69 out the door . for a lousy 3 foot cable . it was retractable . but i should have walked over and picked a cheaper and better cable . \n\nas soon as i plugged it into my lg 11000 it put a message on the screen saying this cable is not recommended for this phone . ouch ! not only do i get ripped off , but the cable is crap.\n\ni have had few good experiences with radio shack and should have gone to fry 's ."
0 "have gone there a lot ... most recent visit however was less than stellar ... had my usual ruben ... really have liked that sandwich ... but this time .. the ingredients were of poor quality ... fatty fatty meat and tough ... the goodies with it had a different flavor and kind of bland ... the service ... wow ... down the can .. rude , rude , rude people taking orders.\nneed to work on that a bunch ."
1 "i love this place . i have been ordering pizza from here since literally the first week it opened . it is affordable and much better than anything you will get from hungry howies , dominos , or little caesar . the best part is that they deliver $ 5 pizzas with only a $ 2 delivery fee . you get a one topping pizza for 5 dollars and they do not differentiate between what is a premium ingredient or not . for example , you can get a feta cheese pizza for the same price as a pepperoni . in the beginning the crust was a little inconsistent but now that they have gotten into a groove it is my go to place for a late night za ."
0 been waiting for a waitress for over an hour now . asked hostess and they claimed they would send one over but still none have shown . awful service .
1 great buffet lots of selections the prime rib was delicious it was worth the 30 dollars
0 "this dump is an absolute nightmare and mike lorenzi is thief . he gave me an estimate to fix my starter at $ 320 then called me up and said it needed a new pump and it would be an additional $ 493 , when we came down to pick the car up he said he also replaced some sort of regulator and a belt and the bill was now $ 2,487 and said he could n't get ahold of me and my wife authorized it . i paid it cause i needed the car to go to an important meeting right away and he was saying it had to be done and he saved me over $ 1,000 had i taken it somewhere else . later i found out my wife did n't authorize it . after about a month i started having problems again and took it back and he said he was too busy to work on it so i took my car to another mechanic who said he did n't replace all that he said and the belt looked like it was taken off another vehicle . the mechanic felt he had ripped us off . we will be taking him to court ."
0 "i bought a living social deal here ... and i think everyone else and their mother did too . i spoke with cherelle , who was super friendly on the phone , and she said my reservation was for 6:15pm . we arrived around 5:30pm and waited and waited and waited ! finally around 6:20pm i asked a man handing out armbands ( this is how they categorized you by flight manifest ) if maybe somehow i missed my name being called and his response was \""well , we 're a little busy.\ "" really ? ok , i can see that but i have a reservation . he told me i would get called soon . 6:45pm rolls around and i 'm ready to leave . i walked up to the woman at the front desk and told her i wanted a refund because i could n't be waiting around anymore -- this was ruining my entire night . we had wanted to see a show after our helicopter ride and had n't eaten yet , which we assumed we would have plenty of time since cherelle told me total time there would be an hour . the ride is only 15 minutes for goodness sake ! the woman at the desk told me they could n't refund my money and she checked my reservation -- it was at 8 pm . at this point i 'm boiling mad but trying to keep my cool . i told her i wanted a refund or to be on the next ride out . she assured me that i would be next and that she would give me a free dvd of our flight . ok , at least she offered me something for their royal mistake . however , we were n't called until after 7 pm and did n't finish until around 8 pm . the actual ride was awesome and if it had n't been for the fact that my boyfriend was pretty excited about it , i would have just left earlier . we ended up missing the show we wanted to see ( this was our last night in town ) and just went out to dinner . \ni think this could be a great thing if they were more organized . over - booking people and making them wait around for three hours just is n't acceptable . there were a lot of aggravated people in the waiting room and i really would n't recommend it . for the amount of time you 're waiting ... just try and get a window seat on your plane ride home . the view of the strip is almost as good as it is in the helicopter ."
0 "this was my worst hotel experience ever . the heat in our room made so much noise i could not sleep . at 4:00 am i still was not asleep so i went to to get another room but they said i would have to wake my boss up in order to move rooms , she 's a heavy sleeper i 'm not . i had a very important business meeting the next day they did not care or show any sympathy to my situation . i ended up not sleeping the whole entire night . when my boss woke up at 6:30 we went down again to change rooms , again they did not care the least about the situation . we did switch rooms i missed the meeting prep and went to the meeting with 3 hours of sleep . it was the worst hotel experience i have ever had . i do not see the difference in the end they had to clean two rooms , and they had two very unhappy . the worst part of it was how little they cared , and it was n't just one staff member it was multiple staff members with the same attitude ."
1 "located in the heart of downtown phoenix , the daily grind is an awesome coffee emporium all around.\n\nthis coffee shop is about as centrally located as they come . it is right off the light rail route , not far from the ball parks , very near a lot of paid parking spots and right across the street from duck and decanter.\n\nthe daily grind won me over from their name . the double play on words is simple and clever . then , being located in the heart of downtown is awesome , as it allows for a lot of foot traffic to observe , not to mention the skyscraper construction.\n\nthe space in this place is spectacular . they offer plenty of small tables to sit down and plug - in at and the atmosphere is great . the overwhelming red color inside makes you think for a split second you traveled into some time warp and landed back in 1980 's russia.\n\ni knew i was going to especially like it when i saw they offered complimentary wifi . they definitely know how to win a nerd 's heart ! i managed to find a perfect table next to a window right next to a plug in ... i could see myself sitting here all day inhaling espresso and working on writing projects . the good music ( dave matthews is playing as i type this ) is n't going to make me want to leave , either.\n\nthis was another selection for phoenix # opencoffee , and i definitely plan on coming back . they even have a coffee club car ( buy 10 , get one free ) ."
1 "stayed here in dec. 2005 . average rooms and good environment , although empty casino , although that did n't matter for me because i 'm not 21 yet . again , like the rio hotel , the hotel room i had had available av connections in the tv so you can connect your dvd player for the kids . the buffet was n't that good . i had better . but if it 's cheap , it 's a good hotel to sleep in on the lv strip.\n\nrip stardust hotel"
1 "i really do love bookstores ! i enjoy just taking my time and meandering through each section , looking at everything on display . i hope upon hope that actual paper books never go the way of the dodo , that would make me one unhappy girl ! \n\nchanging hands offers a couple things that i like : they have both new and used books , they do have a reasonably sized children 's section , they have a small area of clever gifts and fun things for your home / office and they have an area for lectures , book signings and things of that nature . i think it is pretty cool you can take your used books in and they will give you store credit for them . i have brought in a couple boxes and they definitely gave me a fair prices for the trades . ( if for some reason they do not want / do not accept a particular book , you can request what they do n't buy to come back to you ( or ) you can have them donate the books which is what i do.)\n\nclearly i am a fan and will continue to come back for my books & random fun gift needs.\n\n ~ the end~"
1 my family has been eating here for 13 years . we come from new mexico and our mexican food is different . we love it here ... almost like home . the patio is amazing for margaritas any time . they are half priced for happy hour :)
1 "my new favoritest place to eat ! ! ! because , because , be - caaaauuuse .... because of the wonderful things and phos . the very best bun bo hue in all the land . i could probably eat this dish almost daily and never tire of the rich , bursting flavorful goodness that delights my tongue with magical flavor tingles . the wonton noodle soup is my second favorite dish here . i did n't really have an opinion on the pho , as i 've only had it once and remember it being good . \n\nthe staff is super cool and nice . on my first visit the main guy in charge noticed my stiff shoulders and arms folded across my belly in an attempt to conserve my body heat and he immediately rushed to turn off the fans near my table . on my second visit i totally butchered the pronunciation of bun bo hue , to which my waitress ever so politely corrected and assured me that it happened all of the time . it probably does n't , but i appreciated the fact that she was so nice about it . also , by the way , this particular visit was when my love affair with bun bo hue started . i 've had it many other places , but never quite this delicious and tasty . \n\nthe place is very clean and inviting , decorated with tasteful individual pictures of featured dishes above each table - not overdone and not like the chinese take - out restaurants that have a wall of pictures of every dish offered with half the names misperred . at first i thought the name to be somewhat of a contradiction , as asian food and the imagery associated with \""bistro\ "" do n't seem to jive . but after dining there a few times , i realize that it works . the space is fairly small and intimate , with approximately 10 - 15 tables.\n\nparking can sometimes be tricky if you try to visit on a week day around lunch time as it 's located in a strip center that houses a variety of popular lunch spots . any other times , parking is a breeze.\n\nlove , love , loooooove this place . go get yourself some of their delisherous bun bo hue now !"
0 "this hotel is so outdated . so you know the saying \""you get what you pay for?\ "" we 'll that 's definitely hooters guidelines . \nwent with friends for a quick gateway and decided to go cheap on our rooms . big mistake . minutes after getting settled we had to request a new room . bathroom sink was so backed up it smelt like a broken sewage pipe . * barf * \n\""sorry for the inconvenient but we 're going to have to give you an evening shitty room\ "" .. is basically what happened . \nafter traveling for 4hours this was the last thing i wanted to deal with . \nno refrigerators in rooms . that 's an extra $ 25 p / n . ac is really loud and rattles . old school tube television . my friend even got stuck in the elevator . lol that was actually funny because she was totally buzzed and had a final destination moment . \nrundown hotel . for sure . \n24 hour pool hours but mainley occupied by kids . \ncustomer service : horrible ! staff at the front desk are extremely rude . in short : do n't do it ! ! ! ! ! ! if you have afford paying a few more dollars , do so!\nyou have been warned"
0 i lived in japan for about 2 years so anytime i feel reminiscent of those drunken 4 am nights i come here . not really so much like the ones in japan though . and i did n't think yoshinoya was one of the better gyu - don places in japan anyways . \n\nthey should add japanese curry to their menu . i also wish they offered white meat chicken too . i also agree with the weirdness of the veggie color . i do n't know why its got ta be so damn yellow . just go to ichiza instead .
1 "i go to that 's amore every weekend ! everybody needs to try this place , it 's fantastic ."
1 "this review is based on wildhorse 's wedding facilities only . i 've never played golf a day in my life.\n\ni got married at wildhorse last year , after a friend who also got married there recommended it to me , and there are no words to explain how amazing and happy my experience was with wildhorse . we looked at about a dozen venues in both southern ca and las vegas / henderson and the moment i walked into wildhorse , i knew it was the one . my happiness only grew after we met elena h. ( the food & beverage manager ) . she is amazing , helpful , and friendly . she was the biggest help in planning my wedding . our wedding day went off without a hitch and i have absolutely no complaints about anything . the food was delicious , the venue is elegant , the greens are beautiful , the staff is friendly , everything is perfect about this place , including the cost . it was very budget - friendly for us . i definitely think that we got the best bang for the buck . i really can not put into words how incredibly happy i was with my experience at wildhorse . i wish i could give them 10 stars ."
0 "i stayed at the quad oct 1 - 3 , 2013 i was excited when i booked my hotel room , since it was from their own website . when i got there it was nothing for what i had seen or booked on the website ... carpet looked really nasty , bath tub was disgusting , even the curtains had some mold on the back ... i am making sure to let others know to beware of this hotel ... i do n't spend all day in my hotel room , but i wanted to at least be clean ... i would never stay there again ."
1 "i was astounded by the service and the food at this joint . honestly , for $ 150 per person including wine / cocktails / private dining room / tour of the kitchen / all the food we could eat in vegas - are you kidding me ? that 's a steal . i do n't remember one person at the table having a complaint . hat 's off to this place - world - class food and outstanding service with no attitude ."
0 "leave it to the anti - club girl to pooh - pooh the rehab.\n\nthe hard rock pools are undeniably amazing . there are slides , lazy rivers , and wading pools as far as the eye can see . however , during rehab they turn into mud laden cess pools of post - clubber 's dirt and vodka sweats.\n\ni went here with an out - of - town friend of mine who assured me that their ' cred ' could get me into the club for free . funnily enough , their ' cred ' counted for nothing and the fact that i went to school with the bouncer spared my pocketbook . if i had paid $ 20 for admission , this would be a one star review.\n\nthe place is crowded . period . uncomfortably so . and most of the people are ridiculously drunk , so walking 's an issue . grit from the pool clings to your body long after you 've exited.\n\nfor tourists who do n't get to see girls in bikinis much , this is probably a very neat experience . for locals , there are a lot of other pools you can sneak into for free without the risk of disease ."
1 "delicious , pricey and fancy . all that is vegas.\nwe were one of the first to arrive since they open for dinner only , and we got great service because of it ! \nwe ordered the kobe beef tacos which were just awesome . the meat was so savory and a little sweet - so good - and the little chips turned taco shells just came out of the fryer and still warm . we also order cali rolls , which were also good . and a cucumber salad - a nice addition.\nthe hubby ordered 10 pcs of sushi - unagi , salmon , squid ( super chewy ) and tuna . he was all about it , i took a pass . i had my fill of apps and was satisfied.\ni love sapporo so i stuck with that , but joe had the cucumber essence - which is made up of cucumber infused vodka and other light yummy mix ins that made for one deliciously refreshing drink . \nit 's expensive . but we were ready for that - we were at the bellagio , after all . i would go back just for the tacos!\nthis one faces the fountains with some outdoor seating ."
1 "stopped by for an early dinner on saturday night and were quite impressed ! even early though on saturday we had about a 15 minute wait but got a great table on the patio . the only take reservations for parties of 8 or more . \n\nstarted off with the edamame dumplings which were fresh and delicious . then i had the white shrimp ramen and my husband had the chicken curry panang . both were absolutely wonderful ! you could taste the whole grain goodness , yet they both were full of flavor and just enough spiciness to keep that happy feeling in your mouth last . i do n't know who was com planing about the portions but they were definitely enough for dinner . we ended up with the banana tart dessert which was also wonderful . fresh and not overwhelmingly sweet like so many restaurant desserts . \n\noverall a great experience and we will definitely go back ."
1 "i did n't realize this place is \""brought to you by the creators of cheesecake factory.\ "" well that explains the good food . i ordered a calypso mojito , the rare ahi tuna salad , and i shared in some of the fudge cake collision . the mojito was pretty good , the ahi tuna was amazing , and the cake was also pretty good . combine that with nice decor and decent service and i 'd say it 's worth repeat trips.\n\ni've been to the other grand lux inside venetian ( technically , this one is the \""other\ "" grand lux ) . i think i like the palazzo version better simply for the layout and decor . it feels a little more intimate ."
0 "i really do n't understand the hype of this place . to be honest , had the personal recommendations from friends not made this place seem like the biggest deal in the city , then i would have probably rated it a 3 or 4 . the pizza was just ok . it was decently greasy and the crust was n't all that special . they would n't deliver ( even though i am literally a few blocks from them ) and they do n't accept credit / debit card - a huge downfall for me ."
1 i was walking around and decided to try this place out . i asked for a recommendation on a type of ground coffee to take home . the ladies where very helpful and knowledgable . i love the coffee . thank you .
0 "i wish this was a half star ... \ni had a gift card for a detail so i had to go here . told the guy , no shiny stuff on the dash and do n't forget to tell them about the third row ... well that did n't happen . i left my car there for 5 hours only to have to wait an additional 45 minutes to have the car finished - i found all that they forgot . \n\ncome on people ! i am paying money to have a car detailed ! do your job ! do n't make me wait when i am there to pick up my car after having it for that long ! \n\nthe kicker was that they \""gave\ "" me a free wash for my time ... no thank you ! will not go back !"
1 "very nice staff , i 'm going to miss it as i move a little further away . however i use the online ordering and it 's great to wish other stores did this"
0 "i wish they would get my smoothie orders right . the blimey limey is not so limey without the lime , so please stop forgetting my lime.\n\nalso , they are always out of ingredients .... maybe the ordering needs to be reassessed ?"
1 "well my husband wanted to try this place since a friend told him these were the best tacos in town . uh huh .... \n\nso he tried the buche , and tripas ( eewww really ? ? ? ! ! ! ) tacos and i had the carne asada and al pastor tacos . ... \n\ncarne asada tacos were nothing to go crazy for ... meh . \nal pastor tacos , were amazing ! the meat was soft and with all the fixin 's ( salsa , guacamole ... etc ) it was like heaven . :-) \n\nmy husband loved the buche and the other stuff he ate , again disgusting ! but hell he loved it so i guess this place gets only 4 stars for me .... the asada tacos were not mind blowing like we were told . :-)"
0 "worth the try , but not worth the cut.\n\nsince last being in vegas many moons ago , i reminisced about the stage deli in the forums . where their deli sandwiches were the best we 've ever had and the cheesecake flown in fresh from nyc were the ultimate . \nrecently we came across carnegie deli , located in the mirage and it looked impressive with their own cured meats . sandwiches were thicker than i could stretch my mouth and it made my eyes physically look bigger than my stomach . \n\ntonight we tried the corned beef sandwich which like many reviews it was very good , with perfect flavorings and very tender . we also tried the hot pastrami , it lacked flavor and was very disappointing considering the proportion of the sandwich . i had to add a lot of pepper to make it taste decent . lastly , we had to try the \""famous\ "" burger , which they advertise that they grind the burger meat themselves . thumbs up for making a juicy burger , but again that lacked flavor . it 's almost like going to a steakhouse and ordering a succulent , juicy porterhouse and they do n't season it ."
1 k ... here is the deal . i would give this place a 5 if i had never had east coast italian . fot italian food anywhere i think this is a great place though . really cool decor . loved the bar . our bartender frank was a really cool guy . \n\nthe fact that this place is a cougar heaven makes it extra cool ( cougars need lovin too!)\n\ni think the best italian i have had in phoenix . had a spinach salad and bruschetta which was so good . bruschetta was one of the best i have had anywhere.\n\nhad a sausage and peppers in a red cream sauce . very very tasty . food was way better than i thought it would be . \n\njust might go for happy hour today because i am cravin the itailian and the cougar atmosphere is a good one .
0 "wo n't be a \""next time\ "" ! my son and i went today ( sunday ) . they were just opening up . we had time so the half an hour wait for the soup to even be set out was n't too annoying . gradually ( another 15 or 20 minutes ) the rest of the food appeared . mediocre food at best . we have eaten at many chinese buffets and this one was not worth the $ 30 . this for just two buffets ( we had water to drink ) . might as well just hit the food court at the mall ."
0 "it 's a nice place to sit and relax and chat with friends and all before the security area since it 's a restaurant in an airport , but the food did n't impress me.\n\ni ordered the ahi tuna burger and the ahi tuna patty was bland and a little overcooked . the bun itself was nt that toasty either . the fries were pretty decent though.\n\ni probably should order something else next time . my friend 's ahi tuna taco platter looked pretty good ( but is also almost $ 10 more )"
1 "went here for the red velvet cake . overrall , service was wonderful ( let me know how long it would take for them to get it packed for to - go and cashier was very courteous . seating is wide and place is overall clean . pretty pricey for a one cake , would be enough to share . very moist and the cream was n't over bearing . will have to stop by again to try out the dishes they have to offer . smelled nice when i was waiting by the kitchen area . \n\nparking is easy , lot is decent sized ."
1 "mr. puss got sick last month the day i had to leave town for a week for work . estrella got me a rush appointment within 20 minutes of my initial call , took kitty in right away and carefully performed x - rays and blood tests . they sent me home with a bag full of meds ( which my lucky pet sitter got to administer ) and kept me up to date on test results via the phone . once again i found them to be caring and responsive , and i will keep going back ."
1 i had a pleasant experience . they were quick to find me a stylist ( as i had no appointment ) and the stylist took her time with my hair . i could not expect more ; especially with a $ 5 price tag ! ! !
0 "this place is so huge ( outside look is deceiving ) . many halls and little rooms . you really need a map to get around or you 'd end up in totally wrong event like i did . \n\ncatching cab is challenging , shuttle train thing is useless unless your destination is near the few stops(yet i ca n't find the entrance to station often ) \n\nthis is n't my fav conventions ..."
0 "hmmm , how to start this one off . nasty , dirty , smelly , sleazy , grimy , ugly , depressing, .. not sure . did i mention dirty ? i 'll start with that . we could tell from the tiny garage that this place was not frequented for a reason . it is just the epitome of sleaziness . but it 's not even up to sleazy vegas standards . in fact , i 'll go ahead and say it , this place should be on the lower end of fremont st . we got in the elevator and a friend had to hold her nose and breath into her hand so she did n't throw up . and this was on the way to get some of their \""world famous chicken wings\ "" . needless to say , we never got those wings ( see previous review of restaurant ) . this place was so depressing and just drained our spirits . we had to escape . there is a reason they are off the strip and nobody goes there . just stay away . for the price there are so much better things . btw , in n out down past unlv or in the other direction across the 15 !"
1 "going to tops is like doing the haij for alcoholics . if tops does n't have it you will never find it . staff is helpful if a little scruffy.\n\nbtw , sounds like douglas needs to buy his bud light lime somewhere else ."
1 "our flight arrived to vegas earlier than excepted , so we expected our room not to be ready . when we arrived at the hotel on may 19th , the front desk girl offered us a room that was ready on the 28th floor that was n't facing the bellagio fountain . i booked a corner view suite had requested a room on a high floor with a bellagio fountain view when i first made the reservation . there are 56 floors at the hotel . she then said there was a room on the 30th floor with a view of the bellagio fountain , but it was n't ready . she continued to look for rooms , which she then said that there was a room on the 50th room with a bellagio fountain view , but it was n't ready yet either . we agreed to wait for that room to be cleaned , which she said it would be couple of hours before it would be ready . we waited a couple of hours by walking around the area before calling to check to see if the room was ready yet . i was transferred to housekeeping , who said it was n't ready yet and they would call me back when it was . after eating and walking around some more for a couple more hours without hearing back from anyone , we decided to go back to the hotel and was told that the room was ready . it would of been nice if they had called me as they told me they would\n\nupon inspecting the room , we found a dirty fork and knife in the dishwasher , as well as trash in a trash can underneath the kitchen sink . when housekeeping called to see if the utensils were delivered , which i requested upon check - in and had been delivered , i told them about the trash and dirty utensils . they said they would send someone up to take care of it . no one ever showed up , so the trash and dirty utensils were left until the next day when housekeeping came to clean the room . the room did have a great view of the fountain , strip , and mountains!!!\n\non the evening of thursday may 20th , i called concierge to attempt to change reservation time for dinner at jean georges steakhouse at aria . i held on the phone for 30 mins waiting for someone to answer , but no one ever did , so i hung up and decided to call the restaurant directly myself . \n\nthe hotel is a nice hotel , which unlike some other reviewers , i feel that it is within a short walk to the bellagio , aria , the cosmopolitan , and the strip . i would suggest going to the 24hr cvs , which is a short walk and is located a block south of citycenter on the strip to grab snacks and drinks , since the market inside the hotel has limited choices and closes at a certain time.\n\nthe clark county fire station is located adjacent to the property . they tend to stay busy , which on one of the late nights / early morning hours , they seemed to respond to several calls in a span of 4 to 5 hours . the windows are not sound proof , so you will hear the sirens , which may interrupt your sleep if you 're a light sleeper.\n\nthe entire property is nice , which i would stay there again , especially with it being a non - smoking / non - gaming hotel ."
0 "very expensive 19.99 per person for week end and children 12 years old count as an adult , coffee very cold then i ask to reheat the waitress then want to charge for an other coffee ... 2 adults and 4 children it end up to 115 $ with cold coffees . never go back again it is a worst buffet ... out there lot of choices and i like score better they have nice salad and fruits bar .... soft drinks and coffee all you can have ... specially healthy foods and soups all you can eat . where as casa corfu the soup is hiding with the waitress you do n't even know as they have soup and waitress does not even ask you anything for that at the end when i asked it was too late ... i do n't feel like having soup any more ... everything is poor in quality in the way they acts so cheap !"
0 "had n't been back here in sometime . was very disappointed at the slow service and mediocre food quality . sure not like it used to be . even the manager negotiated what she 'd bring in response to a simple request for sour cream . too bad . used to be a favorite with good food , drinks , service , and ambiance . seems even the ducks have moved on ."
1 "went here as part of a company bonding experience ( read : paid day to go to the pool ) and overall had a pretty awesome time!\n\nof course , the big highlight was the slide - it 's one of the top 10 things to see in vegas from what i 've heard . the first time i did n't see squat . the second time i decided to lean up and focus a little - i saw a flash of grey fish.\n\ni think the fourth or fifth time i got it down to where i fully saw the aquarium while i was sliding!\n\nthe pool is nice , though a bit small . i absolutely love waterfalls and they have two , so big props for that.\n\nwe had two cabanas and , sadly , the service was very , very slow . it was n't an overly - busy day and the lady would take so long to come around , food took forever to get delivered and the general quality was n't on par for a real cabana , vip - type experience.\n\ntake a gander at the fish tank - lots of cool sharks in there . =)"
1 "the food was pretty good , but come armed with lots of patience , because they are very slow to fill your order.\nthe price was right and one full star goes to the cute friendly waiter that gave us a hug , cheers !"
0 "i spent just over $ 20 with tax for some 10x salvia . i 'm not even convinced that it was really salvia . i smoked a lot of it , and the effects were weak and brief . i will never shop at this ripoff store again ."
1 "i came here for dinner with a group of friends . we really wanted to try the seafood dinner buffet for $ 30 a person . when we got there , the line was super long . it took us at least 1.5 hour before we got seated.\n\nwhen we got seated , i noticed there was plenty of empty tables around us . i guess studio b prevents customers from coming in , so the buffet stations wo n't be crowded.\n\nmy favorite dishes were:\n1.oxtail soup - the oxtail meat fell off the bone , and the soup was really good.\n\n2 . crab legs - the crabs was cooked perfectly , and it was easy to take out the meat with the red stick thingy.\n\n3 . bbq ribs - tender ribs\n\n4 . mahi mahi on bamboo - the fish was crispy on the outside , and it tasted great with the salsa on top\n\n5 . chocolate souffle - my favorite dessert\n\n6 . cream puffs - bite size and fresh\n\n7 . eclair - very good\n\noverall , i 'd definitely come back ! everything i tried was really good . the service was great , since the waitress kept taking away our plates and refilling our drinks ."
0 "tried 4 different flatbreads , 3 sushi , lobster linguini , meat balls , 3 different beers , cocktails , and white wine , nothing is good . the only thing that is fine is the chicken flatbread . \nthe server , darius , is attentive and friendly while others are not.\nwill not come back unless i take my puppy here to enjoy their patio and open air ."
1 "awesome burger . i had the buffalo ! it was 17 bucks , but it was well worth it . also ordered sweet potato fries , which were delectable.\n\nthere 's a few different burgers to choose from , but you ca n't go wrong . definitely the best meal i had in las vegas while i was there recently . highly recommended ."
0 "ugh this place was super crowded when i visited quite a while back . waited for probably 30 minutes to get in , and that 's with our names on the \""list\ "" , and being an all female group . i saw others still at the back when we were leaving . also saw a lot of money changing hands to get people in ahead of the line ... guess that 's standard procedure . there were some b list reality stars hosting ( maybe d list ? ) and the drinks were super expensive . we left this place really early and went to drai 's , which was a lot more fun ."
1 "i 've been craving thai for a few days , which is strange since vegas is like the thai food capital of the u.s. i 've surprisingly found my latest ventures to be less than stellar here , having wanted to try something other than the usual krung siam / thai , lotus of siam , and archi 's . one thing i 've concluded about thai in vegas is that , while still probably the best collection in the states , they are inconsistent . i 've had great meals at krung thai , and then came back for a decidedly mediocre meal the next . same experiences at archi 's , kung fu , and handful of others . lotus of siam is consistently good , but consistently salty.\n\nso my experiment continues , as i search for that go - to place . thai style noodle house was an utter failure , and pam real thai was very mediocre . i saw arisra on yelp with only a handful of reviews , but for the most part good . it appears the resto really took the time to post a lot of pictures also ( i suspect it was the restaurant , not the reviewers ) , both of which did n't give me a ton of comfort . but what the heck , i was really in the mood for some crispy thai fish which i had n't had in forever , and this was a thai seafood restaurant , so i took the chance.\n\nwe walked in at 4:30pm so as we expected it was empty . the sign actually said they open at 5 pm , but they were happy to have us in . very pleasant greetings , which continued throughout the meal . the interior is not - quite modern and not - quite traditional , but not awkward either . it felt cozy with modern - ish furniture mixed in with some typical thai decor . a stage sat at the corner , which i imagine is for a performer or karaoke typical to many thai restaurants . i should go there during night time sometime ... \n\ni ordered a beer ( chang , no singha ) even though the thai mai tai sounded good . i 'm thinking if the level 8 spicy we ordered on the spicy fried rice was burning hot , i can chug the beer . not so much the mai tai . we also order the crispy fish of the day ( sea bass , i think ) and bbq squid . order takes some time - they are not fast - but what we receive looks very good with good presentation . the squid is typical grilled squid , but comes with a sweet chili sauce on top and what looked and tasted like thai chili salsa - like thing on the side . both sauce were great , although the salsa - thing was salty . the fried rice was good and the fish was great . definitely satisfied the craving , and just what i was hoping for with super crispy skin and sweet chili sauce . neither were very salty as well . 3.5 stars for the squid and rice , 4.5 for the fish so it 's a qualified 4-stars on food.\n\ncombine that with a cozy atmosphere , some live music ( not while we were there ) , and pleasant service and we have a solid 4 stars . i will definitely be coming here again because they have the most extensive seafood dishes i 've seen at a thai restaurant including about half - dozen fish dishes , and i want to try more of them . it will also give me a chance to see if they meet my consistency test.\n\ntable - for-1 factor : it was perfectly fine while i was there , but i wonder if it will be different during busy time ? as it was , there should be no awkwardness eating alone ."
0 its alright .... quite ambient and its good for business casual hang out . at least you do nt have to yell across the table to get your communication going.\n\nfood is ok . its an americanized thai . you taste spicy and salty but hardly you taste sour and the thai spice and fragrance . the real deal especially soup call tom yam served in thailand will stimulate your every bid of your mouth with ozzing saliva . oh btw the way white tomyam is better than red once
1 really good chinese food . the duck and pork noodle soup is awesome . portions are not that generous so be advised but worth it for chinese hotel strip food .
0 beyond disappointing .... wannabe heaven ... overpriced ... bunch of kids running the place ... i wonder what it will be called next year after this one fails ....
1 "fantastic food , service and surroundings and lived up to eggspectations \neggcellent value for money ."
1 "edinburgh student newspaper , commonly referred to as ' the student ' is the oldest student newspaper in the country , and it is still is a vital read for any student!\n\nthe student provides the latest information on student politics at edinburgh university , and also on issues that impact on students like tuition fees and employment opportunities ( not always the most optimistic read ) ! also , the paper provides reviews on films , albums , singles , restaurants , bars and fashion by students for student . however , for me anyway , some of the reviews are just plain wrong , but students tend to disagree with each other ! \n\nthis paper is free and is the only student newspaper in edinburgh which is produced ( by students ) at such a rate of a one issue a week during semester time . and , to be honest , some of the journalism on offer is of a high standard with many student journalists of the student winning national awards for their writing ! \n\nso to keep in the loop over student issues then pick up your free copy and dive into the world of student journalism !"
1 "we came here after enjoying a delicious pulled pork sandwich at taste of glendale . unfortunately , they were out of the pulled pork : ( we decided on a chicken sandwich and sonoran dog along with some onion rings . the onion rings were delicious ! ! the hot dog and the chicken sandwich had a great flavor . the only issue was that the chicken was somewhat dry . the wifi did not work and no one knew anything about it . overall it had a nice ambience and we would definitely come again . maybe next time we will get to have the pulled pork sandwich ."
1 love this place ! super inexpensive . even the food is inexpensive . great shopping experience . only down fall is you have to put the furniture together . which requires an mit degree hahahah ! ! !
0 "be careful using a credit card here . michael the bartender charged our credit card incorreclty twice ! i had to file a dispute with my bank . if i go back , i will only pay cash ! it 's too bad , with money tight these days , you have to watch very closely ."
0 "so first off , an orange table on a sign on a pillar facing the opposite direction of the entrance into the park from the parking garage is not a great way to show people that your business is in fact right there . we wandered to the left and right of the prominent jewel of the crown and finally had to call the brusque busy man who half thought we were at the fashion square though i started the conversation with where exactly in the mall are you because we 're in front of az88 . \n\nwe finally figure out the door which was also covered by a huge 7 foot tall man watching another man on a ladder screw in a bracket . both men have their backs to us and are completely blocking the door . we walk up behind them and watch the man screw in the bracket and finally the tall man moves aside just enough for me to get to the door . guess they were n't expecting customers.\n\nthe food itself is n't awful . the bloody mary is tiny for a $ 7 cocktail and both burger and sandwich were a bit overpriced for what they were . they both came with some potato chips and a pickle and came in a little over $ 10 each . the burger was actually decent , though it was a little rare for a medium . the flavor of the meat was actually quite nice . the sandwich was ok , though it almost seemed like sliced deli meat pan fried ( not a breast ) . \n\nthey're shutting down and renewing themselves as some other establishment . hopefully they 'll have a sign up by then ."
1 "after checking out pizza options in the area , we decided to try this place due to the great reviews . \nwhy only 4 stars ? because i want a larger pizza for the price ! it was that good!\nwe went with a specialty pizza that had a great crust and was perfectly cooked.\nthe toppings were average in how many were on the pizza but the flavor was wonderful and we added their sausage which is a must try.\nthe interior is nothing to write home about.\nthe menu could provide more options as well and the server could warm up a bit . \nperhaps he was n't thrilled with having to work on the holiday?\n i want more !"
0 "i ordered the chicken marsala burger and i do not recommend it , it was soggy and had a weird texture . my boyfriend ordered the black and blue burger , it was just average . the fries were delicious and they have good dipping sauces . the staff was very friendly and the service was quick but the food was just ok ."
1 "in short , it was professional , good quality work , and i will definitely do business with nufilez again.\n\nwe came in to transfer our wedding video from a couple hd minidv tapes to dvd . this was the best company we find in vegas . the process was quick and pleasant . we are going to do business with nufilez again soon ."
0 "do n't be tempted by the cheap rates , this is the worst hotel , ever.\ni booked my trip through orbitz for two nights including car rental . after\nflying in from new york on a friday night picked up our car from hertz no problem and arrived at the hard rock at about 11 pm on a friday night . when we arrived we walked through the festive casino , full of young people and headed over to the registration desk . lo and behold the line was long , we 're talking an hour wait to get a key for our room . finally we reached the front of the line and they did n't have our reservation on record , which is outrageous because i paid ahead of time with orbitz . i 'm not sure if who to blame orbitz or hrc , but after a long phone call with orbitz customer service it was determined that we did indeed have a reseervation however orbitz and hrh had not communicated properly . by now , it 's 1:30 am and we 're both exhausted . when we finally get to our room in the casino tower , the bed is nice as is the flat screen tv ( no hd though ) and we find it difficult to sleep because all night we hear people talking and yelling in the hallway . there are definitely better options on the strip so please heed my warning and skip the hard rock hotel ."
1 thought we 'd try something new other than papa johns . i 'm very pleased to say we will be ordering from here in the future . \n\nwe were pretty skeptical whether or not we needed a large or extra large so we went to the xl venezia supreme and hot wings . \n\nthe tasting of the pizza and wings were exquisite ! not too much marinara and just enough cheese . our order was expected 45 to an hour wait but we ended up waiting about 40 minutes . \n\nvery satisfied with our first experience .
1 "needed to change my oil today . i frequently go to this jiffy lube and i 've always had a good experience . today was no exception ! i received great service from the moment i arrived . they were polite , fast , efficient , and i did not have to wait long . i 've never been disappointed with the service i 've received . i highly recommend this location ."
1 very reasonably priced and a higher quality pedicure than i expected . i will be returning .
1 this place is the best . i would recommend the green chili stew w/ a fried egg !
0 "i usually stay here when i travel for work . marriott is one of my company 's \""preferred\ "" hotel chains . our phoenix office is literally 5 minutes away . the only reason i stay here is because it 's convenient . \n\nthe staff is friendly and helpful . they offer complimentary breakfast , which is average . they also have an evening social hour and provide food on certain nights . but , the options are n't appealing to me . there 's a small pool and outdoor patio area with a little fire pit . \n\nthe condo - converted rooms may be older , but they 're clean . they do smell a bit musty . there 's a full kitchen . the appliances and kitchen items seem fairly new and appear barely used . if you plan on using the oven , turn on the vent . it may have that plastic - y new oven smell , when in use . they do have plates , cups and cutlery , as well as hand towels and kitchen mitts . but , they do not provide coffee filters , baking pans and i do n't even remember seeing pans to cook with . \n\nmy biggest gripe is the \""free wifi\ "" is just crap . a whole lotta crap . i 've even attempted to add the \""enhanced wifi\ "" for $ 5 a night and i got connection errors . i 'm here for work and that means i may need to pull extra hours on my laptop . i would like to do it from the comfort of my hotel room , but i ca n't . how is work possible when the standard connection seems to drop every 5 minutes and i get connection errors , when i try for the enhanced wifi?\n\nthe hotel complex itself is located in a dark and sketchy neighborhood and it 's right next to the freeway . my last night there , i woke up at 1 am to the sound of 5 gun shots , which sounded as if they were a few blocks away . five minutes later a helicopter was searching over the hotel complex and the apartment complex next door . kinda reminded me of the old ' hood i grew up in .... \n\nuh .... thank goodness i double - locked my doors ... ? \n\nthanks , residence inn for such an exciting stay ! hopefully future rounds wo n't be so ... um , eventful ..... = p"
0 "let me preface with by saying , emily stooks ( horning ) is an incredible teacher and i thoroughly enjoyed her class and positive energy . she deserves 5 stars.\ni had high hopes for urban yoga , which was close to the friend 's house i was staying with for the holiday . i went for the new student special since i was in town for 10 days . i made it to 5 classes . overall the instructors were pretty warm and welcoming . the reason for the 1 out of 5 stars is because of the awful business practices that do not align with the philosophy they teach.\nwhen i purchased the new student special , i told the sales associate i was visiting from portland and was not able to bring my mat . most studios i 've encountered during my many years of a regular practice do not charge for mat use but urban yoga does . i requested an exception be made since i was traveling ( and they were very cheap , low - end mats that were being rented at $ 2/class ) . the sales associate told me flat out no . i asked her to talk to a manager or someone to see if she could get permission . she suggested i go purchase a cheap mat locally . i was taken back and asked her opinion about what i should do with this mat when i leave again . her response was to give it away or throw it away . after my initial shock , i asked one last time if she could ask if a manager would make an exception which she agreed to look into . after class i again was told no . at that point i wished i had n't purchased the new student package . i ended up finding a friend of a friend that let me borrow a mat for the week . what a terrible experience.\nwith one exception , during every class the studio was very chilly making it difficult to initially warm up the body properly.\nadditionally every single class i went to at that studio let out no sooner than 5 minutes late and sometimes up to 15 minutes late . although i was on vacation , this is incredibly inconsiderate of people 's time and schedules.\ni find it quite curious that urban yoga pretty consistently gets poor reviews from out - of - towners visiting phoenix . i will not be returning to this studio over my christmas break in phoenix ."
0 "do not order online ! ! ! ! \n\nafter waiting 1 hour and 10 minutes for a day time delivery i called the business and the person that answered said that it takes 20 minutes for the order to get sent to them from the online service . this is strange because about 10 minutes after i placed the order the business called me about a question on the order . so they had my order . just a bullshit excuse . my 6 year old tells better lies . \n\nthe pizzas that were delivered were warm , not hot . they were ok . way better than the big chains . i would have given them 4 stars if they had n't bullshitted me about the delays ."
0 "when i signed up for my apartment , it included a $ 25 cox credit for signing up . that credit never appeared . when i called , they told me to wait a couple months for it to be applied to my account . a couple months later , they claimed they \""would never offer that promotion\ "" , despite me speaking to cox about it several times . it ceased to be worth my effort to pursue , which was their plan all along.\n\nrecently , my cox internet service started going out several times a day , so i called them , and they sent a tech out to investigate . i was informed there would be no charge for this service.\n\nthey had to come twice , but my service stopped disconnecting , so i was happy . that is , until i received my bill.\n\nthey tried to charge me $ 100 for fixing their internet service . when i called , they informed me that they had reviewed their records , and that the charge was \""billable\ "" and thus was \""non - reversible\ "" . i informed them that i had reviewed my records , and unfortunately my bill was \""non - payable\ "" and had a note on it saying \""good luck getting the money\ "" . they relented.\n\ni asked them what i had to do to make sure this did n't happen again , and how i would know i was n't being lied to about a service call being free . they told me i 'd have to ask the dispatcher to note in the service call that it was non - billable . i asked whether doing his job for him would make it so i did n't have to call them anymore . she seemed uncomfortable for some reason ... \n\nin the last 2.5 years , the price has increased dramatically . it 's gone from $ 25 , to $ 30 , to $ 50 , to $ 54 , to $ 56 , now to $ 63 . too damn much for terrible service and incompetent support.\n\np.s. if they 're gouging you too , call and ask to speak to retentions . tell them your friend andy is paying $ 44/month for 6 months . if you get a difficult one , do n't waste your breath - hang up and hope for someone cool ."
0 "psssh about as epic as a pair of skid marked undies!\n\nthis place sucks , sure it may be cheaper than savers but you have to go knee deep to the ghetto and dig through crap . the stuff is not almost new , or even mint , its hella used up ! i was like , really ? faded colors , torn up pants , and disgusting shoes . they take anything and sell it . i ve been to many thrift stores here and in colorado and this one may be cheap but the quality is janky ! its not organized at all and annoying . i would rather pay the extra money to go to savers bc there everything is organized and there no creepy ppl starring me down whilst i search through trash.\n\navoid this place !"
1 "review # 200\n\ni got hooked on this bakery while living in brighton heights . now , when i drive past , i have to stop . i think this one is so much better than the sister store in west view . i do n't know why ; i just like it better.\n\nthe sweetest ladies run this local bakery , and they always serve with a smile . it 's usually pretty fast too ! and they 're cheap . doughnuts and giant muffins for $ .65 . cookies of all shapes and sizes are delicious and cheap as well . it makes me so happy . some favorites:\n\nall of the doughnuts : raised or cake , cream or jelly , chocolate or vanilla , they 're all so good . i wish i could stop and say no . but i just ca n't . the selection here does n't go too fast . i can usually still get one around lunch time , but if you want options , go early.\n\nlemon poppyseed muffin : they run out quick , but they 're so yummy ! it usually triumphs over the doughnuts.\n\nthumbprint cookies : maybe i just love the cookie , but i really like them here too!\n\nis the cliental a little special sometimes ? you bet . are the hours old fashioned early to open and early to close ? yup . but i just view it as absence makes the heart grow fonder .... :)"
1 "this is such a gr8 patisserie located 15 minutes from the bustle and lights of lv!\nbutter ... its all about the butter!\nflakey --- did i mention flakey.\nohhhhh , do you smell the warm , tart , cinnamon of apple pastries --- omg!\n\nthen there s the carrot cake --- moist and spicy ... with smooth spiced crreamy frosting --- this is no ordinary carrot cake --- no way!\n\ni could only ogle the event cake that was going out the door when i stopped .... a baby shower event and the grandma to be was in tears over the cake ! howz that?\n\nthis place is all love!!!\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com / watch?v = cpgkr_mlouq&feature = related"
1 "i found summerfield on angies list when i first moved here and have been going there ever since for all car needs . i always feel great when i leave , never feeling like they are trying to take advantage of the blond who does nt know a cupholder from a carburator . \n\ntoday i went because my tire has been losing a little air and when the verdict came up that the stem was leaking i was pretty surprised . i had had the valve stems replaced at this same location last year . as soon as i mentioned this to the sweet staffer he just handed me my keys . no charge ! summerfield makes you feel as though you are not handling a chore but instead visiting some buddies that happen to know a thing or two about cars ! thanks guys ! :-d"
1 "first time here , had samosas , vertical vindaloo with boneless lamb , cool raita & a strawberry lassi . everything was delicious , hot , pleasantly spiced not too spicy , i could have had spicier but not necessary . i also had garlic naan which was n't crazy good buy delicious nonetheless . i want to come here for the lunch sometime when i 'm free , it really is outstanding ."
0 "if i could give this place no stars , i would . \n\nthis was the only place with open tables when i got off a long flight and was just looking for a place to sit down . \n\ni have seen better food come out of a college dorm microwave . which is probably where most of this food comes from too , because though there is a window into a semi - open kitchen , there are no aromas of anything cooking , no sounds of sizzling , not even the ubiquitous scent of fryer oil in a place that has french fries on their menu . \n\neverything comes out on microwave safe dishes , as well .... suspect , right ? \n\ni split some nachos ( tostitos style chips with shredded mexi - mix cheese barely melted on top ) , and a burger ( uniform grey color throughout the ' beef ' patty , and bacon that had obviously come out of a bag , pre - cooked ) . \n\nmy traveling companion and were starving , but we could n't finish anything . and due to the tepid temperature of everything on the table , we began to wonder if we might get sick later . the only thing that was any good on our table was the cokes . \n\nthis place should be torn out of the airport . it 's a form of biological war - fare ."
1 "a jaw - dropping production . stunning everything : from makeup , to the infamous rotating stage , to the music . one of their absolute classics . i do need to ad that i have seen k\u00c0 in february 2013 ( before the accident ) , so the ending i have seen was the original one and , therefore , from what i am reading , the one that made more sense and was more climactic . \n\nbonus:\nif you want to follow what 's going on better , read - up about the story before you come see the show . \nin my opinion , center - and - a - little - back seating is the best to view more of the show from , but the beautiful thing about k\u00c0 ( the production and theater ) is that the show is going on all around you from the moment you step into the theater . there is not a dull moment or person there . \n\ncirque provides a very atmospheric backdrop . it is an immersive experience unlike anything i attended before . it was not my first cirque du soleil show , but , so far , the best and the most impressive ."
0 "this is a casino review only.\n\nnot impressed . although the casino is beautiful and has a pretty good feel to it , i was continually annoyed with the dealers and cocktail waitresses . i sat down to a blackjack dealer who looked friendly , then proceeded to pound through hands without a smile or hint of personality . i switched to a different blackjack table with just about the same result . i decided to try some caribbean stud and almost walked away before even playing a hand.\n\nmaybe a beer would have made the experience better , but cocktail waitresses were very sparse . then , once they finally got around to us , they were grouchy too.\n\ntheir partner casino ( the palazzo ) provided a better gaming experience , but worse ( barely possible ) drink service.\n\ni ca n't say that my experience with dealers at some of the other stuffier casinos has been that much better , but usually a table change at bellagio when i get a grumpy dealer gets me there . for upscale mid - strip gambling , try paris ."
1 "you might think that because this is the first comic haven i 've come across , and that i momentarily the name with doomsday comics , thinking it to be a clever tie in with utopia , that my opinion of this little den might be skewed.\n\nboth are true , but folks , my four stars stand strong.\n\nthis place is n't much to look at and in all honesty , walking in the door was a bit of a let down . i 'm used to my comic stores bursting at the seams - with rows upon rows , boxes upon boxes to get lost in . at first glance , this place seems a little sparse to truly make it a worthy contender of my rather fickle geek love . but this minimal little room holds some serious oophm.\n\ncase in point : i 'm currently obsessed ( and will talk your ear off about ... just try me ) three different series of graphic novels : y the last man , fables & promethea . i 'm currently smack in the middle of all three - mainly because my previous canadian comic joints were frequently out of stock in the next editions of all of the above . when i try to buy comics , it seems that without fail i am doomed to find one book off . if i 'm on book 10 , they 'll stock 12 . it 's a middle class curse i 'm none to fond of.\n\nwhich is why this place gets a geeky nod from this gal - not only did i find all three series within record time , but they had every next chapter i was looking for . which is just wonderfully dangerous for my pocketbook . turns out , that minimalistic , \""wow , i might not get crushed by a haphazard box\ "" layout that i so sorely missed is a huge plus in actually finding what you need - instead of wasting three hours combing through boxes that may or may not have the obscure brian k. vaughan copy i 'm looking for.\n\nit was a fly by visit , so i did n't ruin my bank account this first time around , but seeing as though i caught a glimpse of a first edition sandman near the counter , you can bet your britches i 'll be back ."
0 "not very good , or fresh tasting . it 's also really pricey . i wanted to like this place for my occasional chili dog / hot dog craving . the bread was not soft / steamed , that 's a problem . the hot dog had a good snap but , was n't awesome tasting.\n\nit just is n't good , which is too bad because it was rare meal eating a hot dog ( grew up in chicago , use to have often , portillos is the bomb ) and i wasted it on this place . \n\nabout three years ago i tried the pinks at planet hollywood , it was better than this experience but , i just remember how pricey it was ."
1 "their pizza and philly cheesesteak are to die for . excellent food , moderate price , and good customer service . if you 're looking for a little restaurant to take the family out to lunch or dinner , this is a great place to try ."
0 "if you like disneyland and waiting hours to ride rides , you will love this s*!t show of an office . my son has seen dr burford , ky , greenspon , blank over the past 4 months plan on being there all day . they moved to an even smaller location this week which is nicer than their \""prison\ "" looking old location . however the prison setting is rather appropriate since their staff looks like a bunch of degenerates on a work release program . do yourself and child better like i did today and fire these losers ."
1 "cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me experience!\n\nthe 5 for $ 6 happy hour at the bar is nothing short of fantastic . what does 5 for $ 6 exactly mean ? as i found out , it means they have 5 options of food or drinks for $ 6 each . happy hour ends at 7pm.\n\nthe drinks and food are superb . i tried the burger and brie puff and they were very tasty and filling . the service was also exemplary.\n\ni am an instant fan of fleming 's and will be a return customer ."
1 "i live around the corner from bien nails and i am so glad , because the staff is warm and friendly . the only complaint i have is of the constant attempt to \""up - charge\ "" ( $ 5 for this or that ) . \n\nevery service i have had has been done with care , professionalism and quality . i would recommend them to anyone but remember to turn down the extras you do n't need or the bill will get up there !"
0 "my friend and i showed up for easter brunch only to be turned away . they just said we have no openings , did not say when next available time would be . disgusting regard for customers , i 've never felt so insulted ."
0 "i 've been traveling to vegas for work for over 7 years , and always looked forward to eating here . unfortunately things have changed . the last 2 times i 've been , it has been horrible . i found out that they have been sold . i thought i would give it another chance , that perhaps the lst visit after the sale was a fluke , but it was the worst ever experience.\ni waited at my table forever for a waiter . i got up twice to ask for one . when she arrived , she was very indifferent . she asked if i knew what i wanted . i had to ask her for a menu . i ordered a glass of white wine . when she finally brought it . it was the smallest pour i have ever seen . had to request bread , and was told they were ' out of butter'.\ndinner took it 's time , and was delivered by someone else , but it was acceptable . \nmy waitress never came back to see if i needed another drink , or to check on the food . \nof course , i had to search again for someone to bring a bill . when i got it , i was charged double for the small drink . also had to wait to get an itemized receipt that my company requires . \nthe table next to me complained to the waiter that they were never brought a side dish they had ordered . i overheard the table on the other side of me complain that one dish was cold . \n\n obviously m&s , you are unaware that there are thousands of other restaurant choices in las vegas . i will not"
0 there was nothing wrong with the service . the food was just not great . we ordered 2 appetisers and 3 entrees . the appetisers were good . they were creative and flavorful . the entrees left a lot to be desired . just did n't make the grade . the portions were enourmous ... food marginal at best . will not be back . would much rather go to carraba 's .
0 was in the mood for poke express but found out the place was closed and then went to 808 and wow closed too .. guess they was on hawaiian time ? so decided to try this place .. it was ok .. ordered the combo spicy chicken and orange chicken and for the price they charge it was n't worth it ! the portions there was disappointing .
1 had an excellent dinner here last night that consisted of a donair platter on the patio . very reasonable as it came out just over $ 15 with tip . it was a belly buster of a meal . excellent quality and freshness ! this place is a fat man 's paradise if you are down with greek food ! copious quantity and very tasty !
1 "it was a busy saturday night . we waited about half an hour to get seated , which was fine . the food was good , but the service , was what makes it a true 5-star experience . the mussels & and the flan were probably my favorite .. the octopus was a bit over cooked but still tasted alright . i highly recommend this place ! !"
1 "i do n't know what it is we east coast - ers did , exactly , but it must have been pretty bad for us to miss out on a burger joint like in - n - out!\n\ni blew into scottsdale with my mother recently , and she insisted that the first thing in my mouth absolutely had to be an in - n - out burger.\n\nshe was n't wrong.\n\ni'm a little sad , thinking that i 'll have to say goodbye to such fresh , glorious burgers when i head back to atlanta for school.\n\nthe big mac wishes it could be a double double . \n\nthe fries are n't that great -- then again , i have n't tried animal style yet -- but the burgers are more than meat enough for me . ; 3"
0 "i used a&r appliance repair for many years and was satisfied . my house was going on the market so had them come for a few repairs . one burner on my gas cooktop would not ignite . the repair man proceeded to break the cook top and admitted that he caused the problem . he even said he would see if they had a comparable cook top to replace it with . a&r instead paid for new parts to repair the cooktop . when the job was complete none of the burners worked . \n\nthe house sold and the stove did not pass inspection . finally tired of the original making things worse i called for a supervisor . on july 17th a senior person came to the house and told my husband he did n't even need to go through the story of what happened because he had the weeks of paperwork . once again it was explained that the final inspection coming up . all i needed was a working cooktop.\n\ni would call and yes i was frustrated answering the same questions and never getting the senior person on the phone again . the receptionists would always start the conversation asking how i knew the repairman broke the cooktop . read the files so you know what was done every time he was in the house . and yes , i was angry . no one took responsibility for anything.\n\na&r could not promise the cooktop would be in working condition before the final inspection . i threatened to take them to small claims court more than once . with one week until the final inspection i was livid . not cursing , just livid and certainly frustrated . i did n't get to talk to the supervisor , of course , but was given his message . he said they would cancel the parts and i should take them to court . so i went out and bought a new cooktop so i could pass the inspection . \n\na&r was totally incompetent in dealing with a situation they created . when it started i was a valued customer but since i would no longer require their services they decided they could treat me horribly . remember this even if you are now a valued customer ."
1 "fully alive is incredibly creative , professional and well priced ! i could n't have asked for a better photographer ."
0 "from the street , illegal jack 's looks like a chain restaurant selling unexciting ' tex - mex ' food . this is partly true : the food is pretty uninspiring , but surprisingly this place is n't a chain . inside the restaurant is large , white and empty : it looks unfinished , like the decorators were due to come back and finish it , but did n't because the money ran out . i was enticed there today by the promise of a free burrito , which was duly handed over . i liked that it was made in front of me by a clean and relatively friendly server ( kudos to her , she had 1000 of these to make ) , but i did n't hold out too much hope that i would soon be indulging in a culinary masterpiece . when i got it back to the office , the salsa had made it a bit soggy and it leaked burrito juice all over my desk . it tasted alright , but my judgement was clouded because it was free . i 'm not sure i 'll be rushing back to pay \u00a35.75 for one ."
0 used to be a great place to visit . unitl you have one bartender that gets away with cussing out customers that request diamondbacks games on the tv 's . guess being in the family means more than the customers .
0 "honestly , i had fun at blush this weekend because of the great group i was with . it 's all about the company you keep and i think we could have had fun in anywhere.\n\nso divorcing that aspect from my review , i have to give blush a thumbs down overall . \n\nfirst thing : drinks are expensive even by la standards . i got a cranberry vodka , a jag and red bull , and a water for $ 35.\n\nsecond thing : the music kind of sucked . \n\nthird thing : towards the end of the night a friend and i sat down on a couch on the dance floor . she took off her heels for a moment and a staff person picking up empty glasses came up to her and told her to put them back on.\n\nshe did . then he turns to me and says , \""are you with these people?\ "" ( pointing to 3 people sitting across from us on the couch ) . \""no,\ "" i said.\n\n\""then you have to move . they paid $ 2,000 for this spot tonight.\""\n\n\""ok , that 's fine,\ "" i said , getting up . ( please note there was no visible sign stating that the couches were vip or for table service).\n\n\""excuse me,\ "" he curtly said , waiting for me to actually step away from the couch so he could get by.\n\nwhy the attitude ? i did n't argue or protest . i mean , we might not have gotten table service for $ 2,000 , but i 'm still spending $ 17 per drink in your bar . wtf.\n\none other strange event -- after ordering the drinks i was signing the bill when a man came up behind me and put his hand over the drinks for a minute . he said something and walked away and we noticed he had put two new straws in our drinks.\n\nwe decided to err on the side of caution and not drink them . told a bartender who asked to see our receipts , and then dumped them out and poured us two new drinks.\n\noverall a strange night . it was better than nothing , but if i have a choice i 'd rather party somewhere else next time ."
1 "alot of people hate dealing with car dealerships , auto repair shops , etc because most of the time they feel like they are being ripped off , talked to like they are idiots , or the interaction with the people are just more trouble than its worth . i am a shade tree mechanic and absolutely hate letting anybody else touch my car as i do 90 % of my own work and trust very few . tires happen to be one of those things you ca nt do yourself because of the machines involved and for that i usually go to discount tire . after a very negative experience at the west flamingo location where i honestly was told i do n't know what i am talking about i wrote a letter to the discount tire office and was contacted by a district manager who sent me to the location off blue diamond across from silverton . this is where i met bill the manager of this store and his crew , who when i arrived promptly cared for my car and listened to me about the difficulties with my particular set of wheels ( rather than not listening and telling me i m wrong like the other store ) . i wan mounting a tricky set of high end forged wheels that required some extra parts and sensors for the car they were being mounted to which is why it took 3 separate times for me to go back and forth the the store to finally get the job completed . during the different times i returns there were bottlenecks that needed to be addressed but at no time did i feel like the store and its crew ever did not have a hold of the work that was being performed , it was just a matter of my parts being difficult . in the end all work was performed and completed and their patience with my job was appreciated as i know its not the typical mount and balance on a ford focus . i have now found my go to people for tire labor and will recommend them highly for the customer service and patience .... walk in and ask for bill ."
1 "came here a couple weeks ago and enjoyed the experience immensely ... except for the wait , of course . we did n't have a reservation , so hung out at the bar and had drinks for about 45 minutes . we were n't in a hurry so it was fine , but if you want to sit immediately , make reservations ... and make them well in advance.\n\non to the food ( which - let 's be real - is what we all care about ) . we ordered:\n\n- cheese & charcuterie plate : we went with the fennel salami , vsop gouda and the mobay , all of which were yummy ( the fennel cheese is very fennel - y so if you do n't like fennel ... you've been warned ) . i will say that i felt their meats / cheeses were outrageously expensive ( i compare them to what i can get at good food on montford , which are similarly delicious and you get twice the goods for slightly more than what b&g 's charging ) . i know , i know , quality over quantity ... i just do n't think i 'm enough of a meat / cheese connoisseur to think what they 're charging was worth it . that said , we still enjoyed them.\n\n- the b&g burger ( their signature burger grind ) : i went pretty mainstream with my entr\u00e9e choice , and was not disappointed ... from the moment they sat that burger in front of me with its little \""b&g\ "" branded bun , i was a happy camper . burger was cooked perfectly , bun was great , fires were great ... it was great . did i mention it was great?\n\n- sides of pan fried corn , brussels sprouts , mac & 3 cheese : in my opinion , these were easily stars of the show . these are n't particularly inventive or crazy sides , you see them ( in various forms ) on lots of menus ... but what set them apart was the execution . they were all just perfection . my mouth is watering just thinking about how great each of them were ... makes me desperately want to try to the rest of the sides . could i get a meal of just sides ? i kid , i kid ... sort of ... \n\ni ca n't exactly remember what my boyfriend ordered ... i think i was too enamored with my food to care . a steak or something that i 'm sure was amazing . \n\nwell done , b&g ... well done . slash the prices on your meats and cheeses , but otherwise , keep up the good work.\n\np.s. they have corkage ( $ 15 fee , which in my book is n't horrible - but then i 'm from l.a. so take it with a grain of salt ) ."
0 "this place is just down right no good . i have been there several times so i do feel qualified to yelp about it . first of all , it 's in a strip mall ( typical of phoenix ) . it is a very small \""club\ "" , which is trying hard to be a sort of rogue knock - off . the deejay 's seem inexperienced and i still have n't figured out why they wear head phones to plug in their ipods of mismatched music and failed beats . the crowd is usually stumbling over each other , gathered out front to smoke fags in their skinny jeans . it must be 18 and up , has to be ... \n\nthe only thing great about this place is the lit up dance floor which make your shoes feel like dancing , but as mentioned before as soon as the play - list starts the strip mall sidewalk calls you out to smoke . it 's kind of like high school when hanging out in parking lots was the cool thing to do , go if you wish ! but , if you 're looking for a black hair , straight bangs , skinny jeans , indie experience , skip this strip mall locale and head straight for rogue . \n(oh yeah they do have strong drinks contributing to the 2 star rating )"
1 "mix is my favorite spot in vegas . mix restaurant has a great atmosphere but the food is just ok for the price . ( crab salad excellent ; fliet decent ) . mix lounge is a great place to hangout . the view ( top of the south end of the strip looking north ) is the best on or off the strip . i had assumed that the luxor would block its view but that 's totally not the case . there 's an outdoor section divided up between general balcony and bottle service . i recommend the bottle service , not as pricey as a real club and more breathing room . and the waitresses are more attentive than other places . not that the rest of the lounge is super crowded ."
0 "i 've had barro 's before and the choices are ok and the pizza decent , but not spectacular . this was my first time at this location and i came with a few others . the pizza tasted okay , but was n't cooked perfectly and the rest of the food was n't overly memorable . the service , however , was terrible and the main reason for the 2 stars . the dining room had clearly not been vacuumed lately . the girls taking orders seemed in another world and there was a distinct lack of communication between everyone . they had to go back multiple times to confirm an order when there were barely 10 people in the place . we had to ask for silverware and they seemed put out when we asked . as we were there , a guy from the back brought heaping garbage cans through the restaurant . as far as i know , that 's not sanitary . also , the kids working had friends come in and start to socialize . there was definitely no adult on hand to monitor the situation . \n\ni'll be sticking with spinatos or oreganos for my quick pizza fix from now on . better pizza and better service ."
0 "$ 40 cover for guys , $ 20 for girls . drinks are normal club prices . this club reminds me of a 2 story bank ( at the bellagio ) . no air ventilation , filled with smoke and jackass bartenders makes me never want to go here again unless either tiesto is spinning , or i get in for free.\n\ni'll stick with xs or try vanity"
0 "gather around intrepid sightseers and let me tell you a little story about papillion grand canyon tours . \n\nit all began at the buttcrack of dawn one tepid thursday in october as a grotesquely obese bus driver beckoned us into her flatulent world before accosting bewildered tourists from all over the las vegas strip with the importance of common sense bus protocols . we were also warned a grand total of 7 times in 25 minutes not to get comfortable because we would be changing buses again shortly which was ironic because the seats appeared to be made from repurposed potato sacks and were every bit as itchy.\n\nwith warm water bottle in hand and mild rash on leg , we were corralled into a stark labyrinth of a building where instruction on how the people with green stickers should enter the green line and people with red stickers should enter the red line lasted inordinately long . because it was clear that some of the group spoke no english , we were then subjected to that feeble and oft insulting tactic where we were spoken to as if we might be near deaf imbeciles . as if speaking slowly at high volume and dumbing down ones vocabulary and sentence structure has somehow ever caused a person to spontaneously comprehend english or has ever bridged any language barrier at all.\n\nafter a lot of bad noise , we were given a generic juice box , a rubbery danish and access to a foul cauldron of coffee - like fluid . we then boarded another bus where we were entertained by the musings of a large man named walter as we made the long trek to the grand canyon ... museum . \n\nupon arrival at this pitiful tourist trap we noticed sheriffs and other authorities were swarming the area due to a fistfight that had just been broken up . after seeing the interior of this \""museum\ "" i would share a profound empathy for the violent men that preceded me . the museum consisted of a dozen or so framed pictures of the grand canyon followed by an appalling restroom with backed up plumbing , a stuffed mountain lion type beast and two large piles of overpriced doritos.\n\nwith that nonsense behind us , we traversed the remaining dirt road to the helipad of awesomeness where a blond chopper pilot ( who was pretty easy on the eyes i 'll have you know ) swooped and wove us through the picturesque hole in the ground we came so far to see . however , no sooner had this thrilling ride concluded did we realize what was in store for us at the bottom of the canyon.\n\nas altitude and standards began to plummet in perfect synchronicity , it was time to forge the colorado river on a guided pontoon tour that 's worthlessness can not be overstated . as far as our tour guide , it was n't so much that english was n't his second or third language that pissed me off , it was that english was n't a language at all for him . he briefly became useful when it became apparent that our boat was going to stall every 8 or 9 seconds of the tour . on the plus side , he did save quite a bit of fuel by allowing us to helplessly drift backwards for the vast majority of the tour while jabbering incoherently and demanding to take pictures of us with our own cameras . at this point it was obvious that we were not going to travel more than 100 yards in either direction from the dock . because the other pontoon tour companies zooming past us down the river were not able to create a wake large enough to mercifully capsize our boat , we had to wait out this infuriating charade.\n\nour return helicopter ride did much to ease the lingering anger and despair . this time around we had a new helicopter with a squeaky clean bald head and a beard that inspired the kind of confidence you 'd need if he were flying you on a black ops mission in beirut . \n\nhe brought us safely back to the top of the west rim where we were given a ticket to get a free ( and i use the term loosely ) lunch . it was less alarming that we were served prison food for lunch than the fact that we were served by what appeared to be actual inmates . although i remained nauseous and slipped in and out of consciousness the rest of our souvenir saturated trip , i do remember getting a solid two and a half hours of life coaching and financial advice from our bus driver that included evidence that he continues to fall victim to the gambler 's fallacy even after losing his meager life savings time and time again , as well as numerous thinly veiled requests for a tip . hopefully all of that was just the food causing me to hallucinate but we may never know for certain.\n\nall in all i can not recommend this tour company . while the helicopter tour was a huge ramekin of awesomesauce , it is admittedly something that is hard to screw up providing you do n't crash and die a fiery death ( in which case we should assume yours would have been only a 1 star review ) . but that dreadful excuse for a pontoon tour of the colorado river was burnt into my memory like a brand and ultimately sunk this otherwise semi - buoyant excursion ."
0 "to whom it may concern,\n\n\ni have recently stayed at the venetian for my 21st birthday . their customer service was terrible . first , i arrived into my suite and did not realize that there was a sign on the fridge that mentions that we get charged if the beverages were removed . i removed it without knowing and put my own beverages into the fridge . then i realized that i would have gotten charged i immediately called the front desk and they offered to send someone in to check the fridge to make sure that nothing was opened and to waive the fee if nothing was opened . the following day i was still concerned on if anyone has shown up to see the refreshments and i called the front desk again to ask for someone to come up to check . also , there were many things broken in the room and a repair man came to help fix them so we could avoid and charges happening after our stay . my boyfriend was inside the hotel room all day and did not see anyone come to check our refreshments . we made another call and a person at front desk said that they will just waive the fee for us . we were not informed anything about refreshment \""restocking\ "" fee . on sunday morning we called for more blankets and pillows at 5:48am and still did not get them until i finally tired of waiting for them until 6:45am outside my room . i went down to the front desk and tried to get them myself and finally around 7 am pillows and blankets were sent to our room . finally , sunday afternoon someone has come up to our hotel room to check the refreshments . this was a very misleading situation because we were informed that our refreshment fees got waived . we were really confused because we have been informed that it has been taken care of . i have talked to many front desks employees and managers that were informing us that the refreshment fees would be taken care off . i am really upset with the customer service that i have dealt with this past weekend . i left to come back home still feeling unsure about the refreshment situation and my bill . i called today to try to find out how much i was billed and the front desk did not want to help me and said that they would just email me my receipt and tried getting me off the phone not answering my question . then i have called the venetian again and spoke to a male front desk person and explaining him the situation about the refreshments and informing him that there were the repair man and the front desk person reassuring us that we would get our refreshments fees waived . he was very understanding about our situation , but wanted to run through the manager . at first the manager stated that i was informed many times about the $ 50 restocking refreshment fee , but that is totally false . they argued that they have it on their notes that i was informed . then they tried to say that i stated that i had the drinks in the bathroom . i have meant that the drinks were my own beverages in the bathroom . i am very upset with the way laurie / lauren the manager that refused to waive the charged and hung up on me when i asked i wanted the person 's name that made the note that was informed because i wanted to get them fired . what kind of service is this ? i had to call back and ask for her again and tried to get compensation , but she insisted that she was not going to waive the fee and that was that . i am very upset with the venetian and the way they handles their customers with their policy and their miscommunications . i want to request if there are any taped recordings of my phone calls with the front desk because the manager i had spoken with had claimed that i was notified on every conversation concerning this matter and claimed that i had made statements that allegedly admitted \""facts\ "" that i had never said and the contradictory reasoning that was used to deny our claim . this experience has been a complete disappointment to me and my guests . i have never been this upset to make a formal complaint , but based on this experience , i will be making sure that neither myself nor anyone that i know will ever be staying at this disgraceful hotel again ."
0 "skip it if you are a vegetarian or health conscious . i had a piece of fish which i ordered \""plain\ "" . i guess i should have specified ' not soaked in butter and oil sauce ' . the chopped salad was ok . the breads tick was a soft pretzel stick . for a $ 50 meal this was mediocre at best . it was worth about $ 12.\n\nthe wait staff was great - fast , friendly and the ideal level of attention . too bad the food is overpriced and not so great ."
1 "i have been a cafe rio lover since the first time i had a salad there in slc , utah . we usually frequent the gilbert / baseline location and were thrilled when they opened san tan since it 's closer to our house . the food was just as good as always- i love the beef barbacoa salad and my husband loves the steak burrito . portions are large , so sometimes we share . the queso is to die for , and we love that they give free \""nino quesadillas\ "" for young children . my 2 year old eats every bite and i do n't have to be upset later that i spent money on a kids meal that went uneaten . taco tuesday is the best- and i still leave completely stuffed after just one taco . now , beware- this location gets crazy busy with the white shirt and tie crowd coming in from the gilbert lds temple around the corner . it 's often difficult to find a table and the line can be long . i would definitely recommend to them that they not allow seating until you have your food in hand , as there are always huge parties taking up several tables pushed together that sit around and chat when they have n't ordered yet . otherwise this is a spot we will continue to visit !"
1 "we stayed at treasure island on new year 's eve and had a great experience . yes , checkout was slow , but they kept bringing more employees out to speed up the process . checkout was easy because we had already paid for everything . the bell service brought our bags to our room for us because they had been holding them before we could check in . great service!\n\nthe room was awesome ! amazing blackout curtains , incredibly comfortable bed , and a perfect soaking tub ! also had a real hair dryer ... not a cheap one attached to the wall . everything was clean , and we had no problems with the room.\n\nthe experience at ti was okay . to be honest , we did go to other casinos to gamble or walk around , but ti is so close to the mirage , venetian , and bellagio that it was n't a big deal . for new year 's eve , fireworks were shot off the ti , so we had a great view ! \n\ni would definitely stay here again !"
0 "seriously . go across the street to the palazzo or venetian.\n\ni stayed at the palazzo for one night and wanted to try the wynn because of the reputation , but it pales in comparison.\n\nthe rooms are much smaller , the decor is outdated , the lobby not as open and welcoming.\n\ni got my room refunded and skipped back over to the palazzo ."
1 good atmosphere and ok service . the enchiladas stack was very good . not super heavy with a ton of cheese . it was very fresh and flavorful . their fresh salsa is really good . i think it was my favorite part of lunch . this service was a little slow but still we will be back : )
1 "hoho cherry house , not to be confused with a brothel , offers average food at cheap prices . fast delivery and friendly staff . no matter what protein you pick it pretty much tastes the same ."
0 horrible ! their website said they were open on sunday . the sign on the door said they were open at 11 am . we got there at about 10:45 and waited in the front for them to open . instead we waited until 12 thinking they were just late but nope ! they were n't even open ! went to eat ruby rouge dim sum nearby ! great place to eat ! i recommend that !
0 "my wife and i ate there on our anniversary this past week . the atmosphere is very cool , but unfortunately not much else was redeeming and we would never go back --- especially not at those prices . to begin , the service was mediocre at best . we were greeted with nothing more than , \""hello , can i get you something to drink?\ "" not , \""welcome , how are you this evening , glad you are with us.\ "" that 's always a turn off , and at a nicer , somewhat expensive restaurant , that is simply unacceptable . our drink service was prompt , and waters were refilled quickly and consistently . we ordered oysters rockefeller as an appetizer and it was decent and pretty flavorful but i 've had much better elsewhere . my wife ordered scallops wrapped in prosciutto which sounds like a ca n't miss dish , but honestly , the prosciutto tasted like it had either gone bad or had been cooked very wrong --- and i tasted it and almost spit it out . for maybe the second time in our seven year marriage she returned a dish , and justifiably so . the waiter did not even apologize --- he just asked if we would like something else . her replacement dish of shrimp scampi was unremarkable , as was my chicken and fusilli , and it was at this point that i determined this was just not a very good restaurant , and not worthy of my money ever again . if you ca n't make pasta taste phenomenal with every ingredient on earth at your beck and call , maybe you should find another chef . sorry bobby 's , i wo n't be back and i 've already recommended to several people that there money would be better spent elsewhere . simple next step --- improve , do n't be defensive , and do n't complain about my review because i typically only write them when something is either very good or very poor ."
0 the standard burger tasted good but definitely not worth $ 4.95 . the two beef patties were small and overcooked.\n\nthe fresh cut french fries was really good.\n\ni also had the short rib taco and i was probably the driest short rib i have ever had . there was no moisture content in the meat at all . i could n't even finish it because the texture was so unappealing.\n\npretty disappointing considering all the praise on yelp .
0 "i am a huge hot yoga fan ... i used to live real close to this place so i purchased the groupon and took the months worth of classes . afterward i enjoyed going so much my boyfriend called and tried purchasing me another pass ... i was moving in a few months out of state so he tried getting me a 3 month pass ... they told him they would only allow a 6 month pass ( ok ? ) so he asked if he purchase a 6 month pass can 3 months go to me and 3 months to my friend so that we can go together ? they assured him it was perfectly fine ! ! so he purchased a 6 month hot yoga membership ( as we know these are not cheap ) i was so excited to arrive at yoginis with my friend and they told me she was not allowed to use half my pass and i would have to use it . i assured them i was moving in 3 months and that the other 3 months would go to waste which is why he asked about my friend in the first place which was said to be ok ... needless to say they did n't budge on letting my friend use it with me , called my bf a liar , and i lost out on 3 months of prepaid ( not cheap ) yoga because they also would not refund the money ! if it was n't prepaid i would n't have gone back . this place is comfortable and clean but not accommodating ."
1 "the food here is really good , the service is eh . but i am giving this 4 stars because the food really was just that good . the bread pudding was the best i 've ever had and i do n't love bread pudding-- but i loved this one . also , they make their own ice creams and their are delicious . the fish i had was extremely fresh . i am no food critic , but i did grow up on the east coast beaches of nc , so i can say with certainty the fish is fresh . i love that they use local vendors for most of the food and the atmosphere of the restaurant is cozy and hip . \n\nmy complaint , the service . flighty is a word that comes to mind . the food took a really long time to come out and i have yet to figure out if that was the kitchen staff or our waiter not putting our order in on time.\n\nall that said , this is a place i will most certainly come back to ."
0 "fancy looks , fancy prices . not a whole lot of options on the menu . got the pork sandwich . the pork was good , but just not a whole lot of it . price per portion is on the high side ."
1 "nothing i could say in this review could possibly convey the amazing experience that we had here at middle eastern bakery & deli . this was the best place at which i have eaten in all my visits to phoenix ( off and on annually over the last 10 years ) and i will be back ( multiple times ) every time i visit from now on.\n\nwhy is it that the taste of the food is so often inversely proportionate to the fanciness of the restaurant , at least when it comes to ethnic restaurants ? the fancier the decor in an ethnic restaurant , the blander the food.\n\nstated differently , what is it about the mystical siren 's call of the hole in the wall ethnic restaurant ? does the chef assume that because his food is head and shoulders above the rest that he need n't waste money on decorations ? or is it simply that the mom & pop chef with his traditional recipes handed down from generation to generation will never be matched by the cookie cutter american culinary school education?\n\nthis restaurant is very unassumedly named the middle eastern bakery and deli , though it is also a restaurant and grocery store . it does n't look like much from the outside , nor the inside , and would probably fly under most people 's radar if it was not for word of mouth passed through yelp . can you see the diamond lurking under the layer of carbon ? i sure can.\n\nthe proprietor , isam ( yes , we 're on a first name basis now and you will be , too , by the end of your first visit ) , is quite a character guaranteed to put a smile on the face of even the worst sourpuss . before our first visit we called him by phone to make sure the restaurant would be open when we arrived and he was friendly and welcoming . when we finally arrived he welcomed us like old friends . \n\ni ordered the grilled combo and my coworker ordered the lebanese chicken . both plates came with a choice of greek salad of tabbouli with a fresh warm pita and rice . i was n't sure which to choose , so isam guided me gently toward the tabbouli which he makes fresh 5 times every day . yes , you can tell this man is incredibly gifted in the making of tabbouli , which is a thing of beauty , colorfully decorated with red and green pepper rings , white couscous , tangy red tomato , crisp white onions , and ruby toned sliced beets over dark greens . it is beautiful , but tastes even better . i ordered a diet soda in spite of the prominently displayed yelp tip recommending the lemonade ( \""your life will change as you discover the super powers you 've acquired from the lemonade.\ "" ) as i 'm not usually a big lemonade fan . my coworker ordered the lemonade and i ordered the birds nest baklava with glistening green pistachio pieces covering the top to eat while i waited for the food to arrive.\n\nmy coworker took one sip of the lemonade , which is made with honey and rose water - sheer genius - and could n't stop talking about how amazing it was . i traded him half of my baklava for a taste and could n't believe how amazing it was - truly life changing . isam brought me a large cup of this elixir of the gods and made my entire day.\n\nwhen our meals came i was thrilled with my perfectly seasoned kebabs with three kinds of meat - chicken , lamb , and spiced ground beef , all of them cooked perfectly and all of them delicious . the rice was not basmati , more like a pilaf , but was incredibly flavorful . alex said his lebanese chicken was amazing , but refused to share any with me.\n\nthe owner brought us over a complimentary turkish coffee , a lemonade , and a pistachio baklava - all amazing ! ! ! isam also gave us a lesson in appreciating coffee . he taught us how to sip it and about his secret ingredient ( cardamom ) . he grinds his own cardamom fresh from the seeds , which cost $ 100 per pound and i guarantee you are totally worth the expense . he showed us both the seeds and the ground versions and let us smell them , pure heaven on earth . isam says that the cardamom works on your nervous system to relax you ; i certainly felt relaxed when i left , but i think some of that might have to do with the owner 's charm rather than the coffee . when we left , we stopped up at the counter to say goodbye to our host , because it just felt more like a family visit than a restaurant visit . you can just walk out of a restaurant , but you do n't walk out on family without saying goodbye.\n\ni made a return visit several days later and not only did isam remember me , but he came out from behind the counter to give me a hug and asked where my friend was ( i had just dropped my coworker off at the airport ) . i ordered the lebanese chicken and one of his heavenly lemonades . isam once again brought me a turkish coffee ( this stuff is addicting ) and a baklava to enjoy with it . i enjoyed my second visit as much as my first ; isam gave me a menu and invited me to come back again during my visit . he even gave me his phone number and told me to call if i needed anything . \n\ni will definitely be back!!\n\n\n\n\n\n relaxes you , works on your nervous syst"
1 good service and yummy french food ! i had the gazpacho and the vegetable crepes and they were both delicious .
0 "disappointing!\nordered some pirelli p - zero tires for my camaro and scheduled appointment for today.\nwhen i arrived the gentleman who placed my order was off and did not bother putting me on the board as discussed the day before.\ni left my key with the desk and was told that the tires will be installed within the next few minutes and the car will be ready in 45 minutes or less.\nwhen i arrived about 60 minutes later i ask for my service adviser and was told that he went to another store and he will be back by the time the technicians finishes with my car.\nwhat they did not tell me was that the technician working on my car broke my tire monitoring system and that the service adviser went to another store to find a replacement.\nso instead of my car being done by 4:15 pm i had to wait till 5:30 pm to finally have my sensor replaced and my car released to me . \nthere was no apologies from neither the adviser or anybody else in the store.\nthe guys simple just chose to ignore me rather than telling me on what is going on.\nonce they knew that they had to find a replacement sensor they could have call me letting me know that the car would be ready late.\nhow anybody can run a business like this is a mystery to me . \ni was born and raised to always say please and thank you with a smile . \nthis does not seem to be the case here.\nno thank you , no nothing ! shame on you discount tires ! ! !"
1 seven of us went to this buffet . all of us liked the food . everyone found food they liked . we really liked the sushi . my daughter ate tons of the sushi it was very fresh . the desserts were great . my kids really liked having cotton candy .
1 "i could not get a room here for the awesome viva las vegas rockabilly fest , held in april over four days , but they put on an awesome event . they had a pre 60 's car show , jerry lee lewis performed at the car show . there were two stage upstaris and 3 stages downstairs with live music and/or burelesque almost 24 hours . drink prices were not bad . most stages had a dance floor also . could of used more seating . most of the fast food locations stayed open 24 hours for the event . a lot of great acts like los staightjackets , crown city bombers , stompy jones all for $ 95 . this place has the best priced entertainment in vegas ."
0 stopped in for a quick drink on new years eve about 3 pm . the place was empty . the bartender chris was rude and very vulger . he made a crude sexual comment as soon as we sat down . we decided to stay for a drink anyway . after going a couple of choices we were told the bar was out of most stock . on new years eve ? ? ? the bartender kept complaining about his job and bosses for the next 10 minutes . we paid for our drinks and got up and left . might be the strangest employee experience i had in awhile .
1 "after a few hours hanging out at the bar , i was in the mood for a fatburger . i ordered a large fatburger with cheese . the wait was the usual 15 + min .... standard for fatburger . i appreciate the fresh food , so i do n't mind the wait . the burger was awesome as usual ..... it did n't have a chance.\n\nhttp://www.yelp.com / biz_photos / ezuypdlxxx75d_cj14dnua?select = zlevlbfam4zx2bkaxiqnow\n\nreturn factor - 90 %"
1 "if you do n't love seafood - do n't eat here . i loooove seafood , so i 'm giving it 4 stars ! hip location since it 's in the trendy cosmo hotel in vegas . \n\nmust tries:\n-- grilled octopus\n-- scallops\n-- skorpena ahnisto\n-- fried potatoes"
0 "soso food , bad service , $ 7 beers . yet another \""irish\ "" bar . skip this one until they come under better management ."
0 "found this place last night on bringfido.com , i was in the area and had my dog with me so needed a place that was pet friendly . the only good thing about this place was the large pet friendly patio area.\nwe sat for a long time before even being acknowledged . in the dozen times a server walked by , not a single \""be right with you\""\nno drink refills\nafter asking for a box , she began to place other customers dirty plates on top of my boyfriends plate making a comment like \""if you say you did n't like it i can take it off your bill.\ "" i had to stop her from laying dirty dishes on our food and explained that we would be taking the food home if she brought a box . \n\ni could go on and on but will sum it up like this : \n\nterrible service , possibly worst ever.\n\nthe food was so - so.\n\nwon't be back ."
0 "if ya wanna win me ova , then ya got ta gimme more meat in my deli sandwich , especially when ya chargin ' the prices ya chargin ' ! there should be double da meat in there ! the sandwiches at rinaldi 's are nothin' dat i ca n't make at home , as long as i keep shoppin ' at fry 's . nothin' special 'bout the bread , which is arguably the most important part of the deli sandwich / hoagie . the only reason i 'm givin ' this place two stars instead of one is because they use boar 's head . great meat , use more of it !"
0 "the food was .... okay . the service was .... okay . what was not okay was showing up with a friend wearing a sleeveless $ 300 shirt and told he could n't come in to the hookah lounge because of their \""dress code\ "" and watching some bimbo walk in with sandals , cut off shorts , a tank top and no bra.\n\nthis is not an upscale place - they 're in a strip mall - and they should be pleased to greet any guest walking through the door ."
1 "hey hey , it 's the sammies!\n\nsuper yummy here number 1!\n\nthe samiches are good , two sizes too , 7 and 10 inches . well made with decent french bread , rather cheap as well , under 3 for 7 and 3.50 at 10.\n\nthe smoothies here were really good too , used a little more mango powder than other places , but that is n't a bad thing . it was a tasty treat for everyone =)"
0 "seriously , i do n't know why i keep coming back here . the service is so slow and they are just very unorganized . the food is good . but you better not be in a hurry . it takes a long time for the food to come out and sometimes it is old and wilted . \n\ni have been other wild flowers that are good but this one is substandard . i like the company and the food , but this location needs new management ."
0 "the bakery is ok . i went here for the macarons and was really disappointed at the size and price . i can get bjgger and cheaper ones at other bakeries that taste 10x better . however , we did enjoy the lime bars , fruit tarts , cake truffles and tiramisu . i would go back for those but not the macaroons . also , i feel that their items are over priced ."
0 can i give zero stars ? guess not . stay away . not a good value unless you get what you expect from a nationally known brand . dirty towels . dirty towels found instead of clean . how can you trust them ? ! and zero customer service.\ngood luck if you try them .
0 we booked a room that allowed dogs . a $ 200.00 refundable deposit was charged at check - in . it was very apparent that our room was not cleaned well if at all . the bathroom floors were filthy . the carpet had debris on it that would indicate it was not vacuumed and the sliding glass doors were dirty.\nas far as the $ 200.00 refundable deposit goes .... it was refunded to us but it was very obvious that they never fixed any of the damage to the room . the chairs & sofa were stained and the doors had scratch marks on them.\nvery disappointed ! ! ! !
1 the view is beautiful and worth the trip up to the top floor of thehotel for the view alone . \nmy husband and i enjoyed some great food including blue fin tuna sashimi . i was impressed with the food ; i often find that restaurants with pretentious d\u00e9cor do n't pay attention to the food but mix did not disappoint .
1 "so friendly here , both on the phone and in person ! i asked for directions over the phone and they were so very helpful and you can almost hear the smile when they answered the phone . they 're even more attentive in person ! i did n't actually buy running gear today though . i just got a chance to check the place out when picking up a race packet for the lifetime turkey race that takes place on thanksgiving.\n\nthere was a nice variety of running attire , convenient sized water packs ( compact enough to carry on your back but not too bulky like most are ) , and of course , running \""soles\ "" or shoes . i will definitely return here as i become more serious with running . then , i can put their running knowledge to the test , because i will definitely need some tips about getting prepared for doing a 1/2 marathon , and maybe a full one someday . plus , i never seem to find the right type of shoes for my feet on my own . i could use an professional 's advice on how my \""feet fall\ "" when i run ."
1 "literally , this place has the best burger i 've eaten in my entire life . so good i went two days in a row . i make it a point to come here every time i visit vegas . \n\nonly problem , which i ca n't dock stars for nor would i , this place is only in vegas . please please please open up a restaurant in la !"
0 "con 's - parking , length of wait , quality of food , variety of food , overcrowding / poor organization of buffet . \n\npro 's - beautiful decor . \n\nfinal analysis : not worth it , even at the low pricel . even the breakfast buffet at circus circus could out do this one.\n\nfrom start to finish , this was a horrible breakfast experience . first , the parking says ' free with validation ' but it 's pay first , then get reimbursed from the cashiers cage . not the accepted definition of validation ! also , the parking attendant was a complete jerk , when asked about it . \n\nonce inside , we waited almost thirty minutes in line to pay . one cashier for a line that stretched to over fifty people ? really ? right as we were checking out , we heard someone on the walkie talkies say she was coming to the front to assist with checkout . insult to injury at that point.\n\nthe selection and quality of food was absolutely terrible . scrambled eggs that were runny . the line for individual omelettes was so long as to make it not worth the wait . if you expected fresh fruit , you 'd be disappointed , it was all canned . while i know they do n't make their own pudding , you do n't want it ( or the yogurt ) looking like it had just been dumped out of a can into a bowl . also , three separate giant bowls of prunes seemed like overkill . \n\nthe bacon and sausage were very good , but by the time i wanted seconds , the lines for food were ten people deep . bread products were obviously frozen and/or made elsewhere . bread still in its plastic bags was left out for toast . they did n't even have real butter , just ' spread ' ."
0 "well , let 's start with the good . location . the flamingo is dead set in the middle of the strip and the rates were super cheap . 2 stars , 1 for each good point.\n\nthe rest ... the casino 's ventilation system is in need of a major overhaul . the cigarette smoke saturated the casino to the point where i could not keep my eyes open . the walk to the room via the elevators was gross . the elevators were dated , worn and the floor lights did not work . the carpets were dirty and the ice maker on our floor was broken . it 's an older casino , so not a big deal.\n\nthe rooms were what was expected for the price we paid and i was going to give the flamingo 3 stars , but ... \n\non the way out of the room , we saw a bed bug . this is my first experience with a bed bug and who knew they were so fast ! we stepped on it and looked it up to confirm . yep , bed bug . we saw none in our room , but we thought we would still let the front desk know . the woman behind the front desk responded with a synopsis of what a bed bug was and its traits . thanks , wiki , but maybe you needed to be more concerned with this guest 's experience . she then proceeded to tell me they were nocturnal and implied i was making it up by stating the time of day . the hallways are always dark , you boob , and bed bugs do n't wear watches . i was n't looking for a comp , just someone to acknowledge and do something about the guests if it became an issue.\n\nthis lack of customer service dropped my rating from a 3 to a 2 star ."
1 "while i have raved about this place in the past , i wanted to once again extol the virtues and , more importantly , the family feel of this place . ernie lights up the room with her smile . once that happens , the coffee is served , and the service begins then the rest of the breakfast is just a wonderful continuation . peg and i went for my birthday ( actually , we try to extend family occasions so that we can visit the family of chefs with whom we have grown since we moved here in ' 97 ) . the oj was fresh , the specials are always superb , and there is a continuity in the kitchen that virtually assures that the quality will be stellar . we ca n't wait for the new addition this month , and peg and i always will support matt , ernie , and of course christopher ! dr. b"
1 "hmmm .... i must of have hit them on a very good day , because we thought the food was really good ! we were there between lunch and dinner , so no sloppy drunks around . ok , so we only had the appetizer platter , but everything on it was delicious and had some unique tastes . they make their own tortillas and you could really tell the difference in flavor and texture . yes , everything was overpriced , but that seems to be the norm now for vegas . oh yeah , the mango margarita was mucho bueno !"
1 "love the taro yogurt and mochi balls ! the only down side is the lack of seating and the fifty bajillion college kids that swarm this place . maybe that 's just the old woman in me , but this place gets really loud ! i definitely like it here better than mojo 's so i 'll take my yogurt to go and enjoy it in peace !"
0 "what . the . f*ck ... \nam i losing my mind or has the whole world gone mad ? we make stupid people famous . e.g kim kardashian , miley cyrus or whoever the flavor of the week is . stop making stupid people famous ! and stop over hyping bullsh*t food ! this is the furthest thing from good pizza . if this good pizza then i 'm the pope who 's having a really and day.\n\nim going to admit that i am stupid . i keep falling for the hype and i 'm constantly getting punished with bad food.\n\ni've given up on trying to find good pizza in ca . many of my friends said that grimaldi 's the shiz but it 's in vegas . you know that saying about whatever happens in vegas ? this pizza should never leave vegas . grimaldi 's , stay put because your pizza is fraudulent . you do not serve \""nyc style pizza\ "" , you serve a sub par version of the same thing i can get at a pieology franchise and it 's waaaaaaay less expensive . pieology also labels their pizza properly . grimaldi 's , you serve neopolitan style and you do it poorly.\n\nonce the pizza arrived at our table , just looking at it , i was already disappointed . it was burnt , not browned . the sauce looked like it just came straight out of a bpa lined can . \n\nwhen i took my first bite , i noticed that it was under seasoned and that blaring red sauce was way too acidic . have these cooks ever heard of using sugar to cut down on the acid ? wtf , this is amateur sh*t people ! this is pizza sauce 101 . i made a better pizza with a boboli crust when i was a kid and i did n't even know what the f*ck i was doing back then.\n\nalso , i have never had a pizza turn my hands black . yes , my hands were black . ( see napkin picture)\n\nthis place is a bust . over priced . over hyped . the odds will be against you . the \""pizza\ "" only lives up to the first part of its namesake , \""grim\ "" ."
1 "we 've been stopping here ever since they opened . we love this place and since it 's a short walk from home , it 's a winner to us!\n\nthe food is awesome , service is so - so at times , but hey , it 's a pub ! \n\nstop in on the weekends and listen to some great live music .. a must for st patty 's day!\n\ndon't forget to try the new $ 1.00 street tacos .. the steak are my favorite .. mmmm yum :)"
0 "this was our second time to kincaid 's in the past year . the first was a disaster and we were given a gift certificate to come back . we had just come from an afternoon show at the us airways center and arrived around 5:45pm . due to understaffing on a night with three events ( 2 shows at us airways and the orchestra ) the servers were overwhelmed at times . needless to say that our service was slow . we finished up at about 8pm.\n\ni had a steak , which was not cooked to my liking , and my wife had something that was just ok . ( not very memorable food . ) at least the bar was good and we were able to have a few drinks while we were there . \n\nit is unfortunate that there are no real upscale restaurants in the downtown area . it would be nice not to have to go to a sports bar or pizza place ."
0 "when i moved to the valley 14 years ago , university animal hospital was recommended to me for boarding . they were too far away from where i lived to go to for vet visits . i took one of my dogs there for years until she passed away . i got two more dogs and started boarding them there as well until i came home from a trip to find 5 staples in one of my dogs hip with no explanation as to what happened other than \""we came in one morning and found her bleeding\ "" . the best part - i was billed for the surgery . really ? they finally refunded me my money for the surgery and the management was responsive after i called . but , i 've never gone back . this was n't a small cut - it took 5 staples ( staples ) to close the wound . my regular vet tended to her afterwards . this was a few years ago and i wrote a review on google at that time . but now with yelp it deserves being mentioned again ."
1 good hospital . trauma teams are excellent . there 's a reason they filmed a trauma : life in the e.r. here . all the nurses on pretty much all the floors are all good . quite a few gorgeous ones too . just saying .
0 "they once were good ... not any more . charged me $ 17 to do a full wash and interior dressing . they did a half a$$ed job , never put the interior dressing on , left my antenna on through the wash and lost my cupholder ashtray . they must be too cheap to run the a / c in the waiting room , it was hotter in there than it was outside . lousy place , poor service . pass them by ."
1 "great evening downtown with delicious food / drink samplings from exciting , diverse vendors , sprinkled throughout three floors of fantastic volunteer opportunities in pittsburgh!\n\n favorites were luke wholey 's fish tacos , the truffle mac and cheese and beer ice cream ( who woulda thought ? ) . as a longtime pittsburgher , still learned so much about my city and how to love it even more!\n\nwould definitely attend again ! thanks , yelp !"
1 "my favorite late night sushi restaurant . as long as you 're having a good time and of course ordering food and drinks they will stay open . usually close about 4 am , it 's also a great meeting spot before hitting the strip . the vegas roll is my favorite !"
0 "i love the atmosphere , good music and happy hour . service not so good . bartenders slack in customer service . messy bathrooms with no toilet paper ."
0 totally messed up my order did not care it was crazy how much they did not care was kind of like hey you drove here so might as well take what we got
0 "warm beer , uninspired service , and really nothing to write home about . while our group had high hopes going in , they were met with a resounding thud . to begin with we were not greeted by our server until about 10 minutes after being seated . she was seemed very bored and did not give off a very pleasant vibe . we ordered some beers , and looked over the menu which had a tremendous amount of good sounding items . the beer was warm and flat , but the waitress said that they were having issues with their tap system , and finished by not offering a substitution when we brought it to her attention . we ordered our food , and when it eventually made it to our table it did not have one bit of wow factor . the candied bacon ( man candy)was too sweet to taste any of the bacon , the bacon wrapped poppers were overcooked , and the chili cheese fries had a lot to be desired . for this restaraunt / bar ..... big expectations that fell flat on their face . john taffer should come back and re - rescue this place . what a waste"
1 this is my second time and it was just as good as the first ! i had the smash burger and fries and it was delicious ! we also ordered the pepperoni fondue as an appetizer . it was good but way too much cheese for the amount of pepperoni breadsticks you get . we 've also tried the motley que sandwich the first time and it was also great ! fun atmosphere and typically a fairly short wait .
1 "the cupcakery is amazing!!!\n\ni was in las vegas with my family recently and we were on the hunt for cupcakes on christmas eve . thanks to my handy dandy yelp app , we found the cupcakery , and it was definitely a lucky find!\n\nfirst of all the shop is adorable , it 's bright and full of character . the staff was awesome and extremely helpful . they were really patient with us as they explained their menu . they have a box of fresh samples and they give a generous sample size . \n\nthey have lots of different cupcake flavors , many of which were decorated in the holiday spirit . some were so pretty that i did n't want to eat them .... but of course my family and i did . we ordered a dozen cupcakes : red velvet , chocolate peanut butter cup , brown derby , their chocolate and vanilla cupcakes , and a cucumber chocolate chip cupcake . i tried the red velvet , brown derby , and cucumber chocolate chip and i thought i hit the cupcake jackpot . they were moist , delicious , just the right frosting to cupcake ratio . the frosting complimented the cupcakes perfectly with the right amount of sweetness . \n\ngreat cupcake place ! we will definitely keep this place in mind ."
1 "if you dont have a sense of humor- do nt go.\nthis place is hilairious ! ! everyone there is having a blast , and everyone is always laughing ... staff is really funny and there is a great energy .. if you get offended easy , you will not like this place . staff will make you a paper hat , and make you wear something that says something really funny , possibly degrading .. etc etc.\n\nthe live band is awesome .. they play all songs by request .... ( steve miller band , eagles , sublime , etc etc .. ) . .. great place to go to- to just kick back , have some drinks and chill out !"
0 "a korean taco stand ! ? sounds so cool , i had to try it ! i love little places like this and i was so excited to give it a try.\n\nbut i hate to say it ... i was pretty disappointed . the tacos themselves were pretty good , but they put so much ' filler ' with them to make it look like you 're getting lots of food ... that really annoyed me.\n\nthey brag about the \""3 different kids of lettuce,\ "" but really people ... do you get excited about eating lettuce ? ? i do n't ! ! the meat hidden under the mounds of lettuce was pretty yummy but i do n't feel like i should have to search to get to it.\n\ni felt the same about their ' sweet potato fries.\ "" it 's very clever how the cut them suuuuuuper thin so when they put a giant handfull of them on your plate , it looks like a massive mound of food . but in reality there 's nothing substantial there at all.\n\nthere was some kind of yummy dark brown sauce that came with the tacos that was super delicious . if they had given me tortillas actually filled with their meat , with some of that sauce and a little bit of lettuce ... i would have been a happy girl . but instead , i left feeling pretty jipped . so disappointing ."
0 "we tried harry 's again since we had a living social deal . i really wanted to like it , but it seems to be suffering from an identity crisis . is it a restaurant with fine wines , brie and mango chutney appetizers and $ 27 surf and turf , or is it a bar with $ 5 whiskey wednesdays and \""pre - made\ "" flatbreads ? unfortunately , it 's both , and the two do n't gel.\n\nthe fella made a wiser decision than me and got the meatloaf , which had an almost smoky , barbecue flavor to it . the side of brussels sprouts were solid - a little garlic and lemon provided a nice flavor - but they 're generally pretty hard to mess up . i got the chicken flatbread and asked the waiter to leave off the tomatoes . he very nicely said he 'd see if they could do that since the flatbreads are pre - made . um , ' scuse me ? he checked with the kitchen and said they could do it . unfortunately , it tasted like it was straight out of a stouffer 's box ; the crust was way too thick and doughy , and the toppings were bland.\n\nfool me once , shame on you . fool me twice , harry 's , shame on me ."
0 "this was the second of two buffets we visited while in vegas ( the first being wicked spoon ) . of the two , this was far more hyped up , but that only led to a bigger let down . \n\nthere is n't a whole lot to say about the environment here : it 's beige , really abundantly lit up , and loud . if you need an idea of who you 'll be eating with , just comb the line before you head in , or people watch as you wait well over 30 minutes in some cases to get a table . oh , and expect plenty of families . \n\nthe service was solid , albeit busy . i do n't remember our servers name because she never physically stopped moving as she said it . she was either dropping of drinks , checking up on us as she walked by , or grabbing plates off the table when the busing staff was busy else where . she certainly smiled the whole time though.\n\ni was trying to put together a list of highlights and misses like my other buffet review , but to tell you the truth , a lot of the food here was a let down . i really do n't remember much of it . i did like the first cut of lamb i had , but when i went back for another serving it seemed like they had prepped it completely different and all the flavors i liked the first time around were completely missing . the sushi was abysmal . the rice was dry and had a styrofoam taste to it . the ribs were pretty good , but no one seemed to be stationed to cut them , so i had to make two trips before i could try them . there were two things that stood out now that i 'm concentrating on our meal : the strawberry and cream desert shooter , and the salmon poke . the poke had a great fresh taste to it , and a really nice and subtle heat that reared its face after a couple bites . the desert shooter was also really refreshing , light , and had a great tang to it from the slightly sour strawberry.\n\nall in all , i do n't think i 'll be coming back to the bellagio for their buffet . it really shows it 's age , both in the food and in its looks . plus , the wait was pretty awful , and we stepped up to the line as it ended at the restroom entrance . by the time we left , it had wrapped itself even further down the casino , easily another thirty to forty people deep ."
1 "on a recent trip to mesa , i found myself craving a sammich . sammiches fill those afternoon spaces in our stomachs that are delightfully craving nutrition by the hand . so off we went to have an urban picnic in the a / c.\n\nit 's located on main street in mesa , which is under construction right now . that 's probably irrelevant for you , mr. i 'm reading this review a few months from now.\ "" but today it was relevant . there are a few parking places on the street in front of this place , and a parking lot to the west of this row of buildings with parking designated for patrons of this block . check out the trippy , wavy building art on the side of the building at that parking lot.\n\nin a topsy - turvy world of commotion and confusion and mess and noise , sometimes it 's a blessed , peaceful , and calm experience to go on a picnic . and that 's what i experienced . it 's clean , mostly white , and the folks here were some of the nicest i 've met in a while . they were especially understanding and considerate of the two young kids we had , and the boys were definitely digging on the small menu of sammiches.\n\ni got to try the curry chicken on croissant and for myself , ordered the ruben . oh ruben . stacks of meat , ' kraut , and a juicy bite . ya , that 's the bizness . i won the ordering game , if i do say so myself . and i 'm not ashamed to say i gobbled it up quick.\n\none note -- they do n't have a restroom . see also : two young boys . that mean me daring out during the meal to run them down to the taco joint on the corner for their potty needs . that was not fun in the heat . but i was delighted to come back to a chocolate shake waiting for me . it was merciful . beautiful . kind . and perfect ."
1 "i guess we arrived right after their rush hour because there were no tables readily available when we arrived but about 60 % full which can be understandable . but we were seated within 5 minutes , but the menus took another 5 minutes to come.\ni ordered the 4 course of salad , tandoori chicken , mixed vegetables , banana bread pudding , and a chai latte included in the end . chicken was very tender and the salad a large order with even more salad placed on the same plate of the entree . bread pudding very very good to finish . the gf had chicken marsala which was very sweet on its own but went very well with the garlic naan we ordered on the side . main entrees were a bit on the smaller side.\nthe server was joking around a little , calling my chicken kfc when it came and saying the bread pudding came with ketchup and mustard . funny guy ."
0 "so this was my favorite place to get my nails and wax done , i even voted for them as best of las vegas 2013 for nails , however , the guy at the counter opened his mouth to the wrong person . i walked in with my 2 well behaved kids and signed in . they started my water for my pedicure and he says in a very rude way , are your kids going to behave and sit down ? fuck you , really ! ! i walked out ! ! lost my business will never go there again , he is lucky he did n't get punched in the face . there is a way to ask nicely but when it comes to my kids do n't assume that my kids run a muck , if you do n't want kids in your business ( and he is n't the owner ) put a sign up , your not a private spa . so people that take your kids places because you do n't have a babysitter do n't come here , they or he is n't kid friendly ! !"
1 "i 'm a huge fan of the farm kitchen on maya 's farm . i frequent the farm businesses and i am a csa member of the farm itself . so , of course , i have very high marks for this farm in general . \n\nthe farm kitchen is a casual dining experience suitable for a date picnic or girlfriends lunch in an open air patio with quaint picnic baskets to boot.\n\nfor the novice visitor to maya 's farm , there are 3 restaurants . the farm kitchen is in the \""little house\ "" at the right of the driveway on to the farm . this season , they stopped allowing cars to park along the drive to the back of the farm where the 2 other restaurants ( quiessence and morning glory cafe ) . now when you come to visit the kitchen , you have to park in the parking lot on the east side of 32nd street and walk across.\n\nonce you enter into the farm kitchen , you are greeted with the aroma of some amazing baking or cooking . it always smells so wonderful in there . you will find some local food items in the store , even down to the locally made poore brother potatoe chips ! local local local . inside the kitchen , you place your order from a menu that is loaded with your choice of sandwiches , salads , flavored teas , and soups . they normally have an array of desserts to choose from as well . i personally love the buttner squash creme brulee.\n\nonce you place your order , you go outside and wait for your number to be called . once your food is ready , you can choose to sit on the patio or venture over to the picnic tables or spread your own blanket and eat your food under the pecan trees.\n\none thing of note ; you can schedule baby showers , et al with the kitchen.\n\nmy personal favorites on this menu are:\ntuscan chicken sandwich\nitalian sandwich\nany of their broth based soups . \nbutternut squash creme brulee\nchocolate chip cookies"
1 "almost a year ago , i sauntered in this very unlas vegas treasure after shopping at trader joe 's . there 's something about this place that gave me goosebumps . perhaps , this is the effect of being surrounded by all these used and old books . it was like finding a sliver of san francisco 's city lights bookstore . this is the place to go to when you have grown weary of the life of excess , but still have time to kill and feed your mind and soul ."
1 "we always have a good time whenever we hit the luxor ! before , when it was still called ' ra ' it was crowded , it was fun , and there was always someone new to meet . \n\nmy girls and i unknowingly planned our trip to las vegas for memorial day weekend . i say unknowingly because i know better than to go to las vegas during a holiday weekend . too many people ( i just do n't do big crowds ) , too many drunks , and clubs become too expensive . however , it was n't my birthday and that weekend worked so we went . \n\nwe hit lax the last night of our stay in vegas ( sunday night ) . we got scammed by some dude selling club passes on the strip ( in front of caesar 's , do n't give him your money ) so we knew it would a rough night of clubbing ahead of us . we decided to just go for it and headed to the luxor . we were n't on a list , we did n't have passes , we were doing it ' the regular way ' which i have n't done since i first started clubbing ( about 10 years ago ) . we expected the cover to be insane , especially when we discovered that ginuwine was performing ( do n't judge me , i still love ginuwine ) . we were told that the cover was $ 20 , but we could expect to pay more by the time we got to the door . totally understandable , this is vegas , the goal is to make money.\n\nwe got to the door in record time ( less than an hour of waiting in line , score ! ) , and we only paid $ 30 to get in . i look at this as a bargain because it was a holiday weekend , other clubs were charging much more and there was a performance that night.\n\nthe only real problem we had was that the club was so packed . it was really hard to finish my drink without spilling it on myself ( thanks to the thousands of people milling back and forth bumping in to me ) . after ginuwine performed a lot of people left so it was easier to dance . easier , not easy . it was still super packed , no real dancing could be done and getting off the dance floor was very tricky.\n\nover all , we had a great time ; the luxor never disappoints me . it 's always an adventure when we roll through the luxor ."
0 "i 've lived in las vegas for 17 years , and have been to dozens of concerts at various properties . this is by far the worst experience for a concert to date . the staff was rude and unhelpful in providing directions . one staff member yelled at us when we asked why there were no signs telling people where to line up . there was no order or organization whatsoever ! i 'm sure the concert will be fantastic and make up for such horrible service , but i wo n't be back after this experience !"
1 "the food was very good and service great . the portions are not small at all from their appetizers , sandwiches or plates . they have a nice variety too ."
0 "i was so disappointed by this place . first , the decor is pretty cool . a very laid back atmosphere with picnic table type tables in part of the restaurant . \n\ni ordered the bean and queso dip , some chicken skewers and the fried ice cream . the food was fairly flavor - less . the fried ice cream was a complete let down . the service was extremely average . add all of these things together and i would probably swing by for a late night if i had to soak up some alcohol ... but that would be it . it just was nott that good ."
1 good gyro 's and incredibly fast for takeout . will be back
0 "just an update , i still have two horrible months to go before i can get the hell outta this damn place ! have had multiple issues since and must say the only resolved one is my damn a.c . now that its cool ! calling is still useless , yet walking into the office your met with fake high pitched happiness or cold i do nt give a fuck ignorance . maintenance orders i put through weeks ago are yet to be completed , \""waiting on parts\ "" . \ngetting an explanation of any charges will result in maya printing out an invoice for you to figure out what you 've been charged ! i mean wtf kinda place is this ? ! ? if the rent was n't in the damn 900 - 1000 i would n't be so pissed but its absolutely criminal that they can advertise what they do and call themselves luxury apartments ! ca n't wait till damn january ! ! ! ! !"
0 "used to stop in here all the time for a decent burger . after a long hiatus and reading some favorable reviews , i went in again last week . big disappointment ... asked for medium rare , got a grey , dry well done . they advertise knoche 's meat , but this thing was pre - formed and skinny . i do n't think so . half order of frozen overcooked onion rings , yuck . lousy service as well . should have gone down to the village , blue moon , or plaza where i 'm never disappointed . off my list for good ."
0 "this is a tough one.\n\nafter reading through all the other reviews more thoroughly * after * my experience , i was glad to see that i 'm not crazy and that my experience was n't unique.\n\nmy boyfriend and i arrived at 1:30pm on a saturday . my mistake - i thought they were open until 2:00pm as per the yelp app , but the chef vigorously and almost frantically informaed us that they closed at 1:45pm , therefore they only had 5 items available . we mentioned that that was fine since we only had an hour anyway since we were headed to the airport . this invoked another frantic explanation about how she needed time to prepare the food and could n't be rushed . this whole encounter was stressing me out ... \n\ni asked if we could get anything to go and she pointed out some vegan cupcakes then mentioned she could get us some chili ! awesome ! ! chili it is ! ! we ordered two servings of chili to go.\n\nwe sat down at an empty table to wait for our chili . there was only one other couple in the restaurant and they appeared to be done with their meal - i.e. no plates or silverware , enjoying coffee . we continued to wait.\n\nafter about 10 minutes i stood up to clarify our order with the guy behind the register . we ordered chili to - go , right ? the guy called out to inquire about the status of the chili and the chef burst out of the kitchen saying , yes , you ordered it to go , right ? right ? i 'm preparing it to go . right ? that 's what i understood . to go!!\n\nthe whole experience was just kind of bizarre . and dramatic . and borderline rude.\n\nnot to mention that while we we waiting a group of four came in . they got the same frantic explanation about the limited menu . they chose to sit down . they made the mistake of bringing in outside drinks ( iced coffees ) . now , while i was waiting i spied the signs about outside drinks not being allowed . i then watched the chef approach the table and just take the drinks from the customers and put them in the garbage . no verbal explanation . no , \""hey , would you like to finish that ? we do n't allow outside drinks.\ "" she just took them from the customers and threw them away . really ? ? the customers were kind of playing along with the drama , but you could tell that that action was a direct hit.\n\nfinally the two 16 oz containers of chili come out . yay ! then he rings me up . $ 10 per serving ? ? i 'm sorry , that seems high to me . $ 21.62 for two medium sized containers to go ? ? whatever , just give me my food.\n\nand now onto the food ! the one thing i ordered . it was a pumpkin , squash , black bean chili . it was excellent ! the mixture was seasoned really well , the flavors and textures were well combined ... it was some of the best vegan chili i 've ever had!\n\ni really wanted to have a great experience . the cool , divey exterior , the photos of adopted turkeys on the walls , the fact it was a fully - vegan shop ... but i did n't . and honestly , i do n't think i would go back.\n\nfootnote : as we were leaving and getting ready to pull out of the parking lot , the group of four has decided to leave as well . i do n't blame them ."
1 "when you 're in vegas , do not assume that you should n't consume mass amounts of seafood since there are no bodies of water around you . \n\nwhen you 're in vegas for work , and your business colleagues say they want to treat you to joe 's , do not , do not , i repeat do not assume you 're going to joe 's crab shack . do not dress down because you 're afraid the crab shells on the floor will stick to your heels and you bring your sunnies with you because you 're afraid the neon lights will hurt your eyes . \n\nyes , that happened to me and my boss , because we are such geniuses . \n\nback to the crab , this was my first stone crab experience , and it was enlightening . i am from sf so crab is something i know , but stone crab ... yummm , uncharted territory . so sweet , so indulgent , so tasty , and coupled with that tangy mustard sauce ? oh sweet heavens ! i also ordered the scallop dish that 's wrapped in bacon ... you really ca n't go wrong with that combo . the scallops were of a monstrous proportion , and they wrapped the bacon around the scallops to make the whole dish look like a filet mignon . weird , but good . my colleague had the crab cakes , and it took all of my will power to not eat her food when she went to the bathroom . there were 8 other people sitting around the table , but still , it took a lot of strength ."
1 "people told me to go there so we did . there is a discount if you 're a vegas resident which is a big bonus . \nthere is so much food to choose from , and all 3 of us loved it . \noverall we were really happy with our expierence but since the rio is a little bit out of the way ( from the strip ) i do n't know if we 'll go out of the way to go back ."
1 "pretzel cone . need i say more ? ! ? i am normally not an ice cream girl . i 'd take chips and salsa over dessert any day . my husband on the other hand loves ice cream , so when we were out with some friends we had to stop in . i was contemplating whether to just get coffee , but then i saw the pretzel cone sitting by the window . it 's like the heavens opened ! ! such a good idea . \n\ni asked the girl working what she suggested with the pretzel cone and she recommended the butter pecan . mmmmmmhmmm . what a perfect combo . i think i finished my whole ice cream cone for the first time in my life . the cone was not soggy and just the right amount of salt . \n\ncan't wait to come back and get another ! !"
1 "pho viet nam\nfinally another vietnamese place .. opened today .. 11/1/2013 ... \n\nour favorite place moved , ( phu thahn ) so we have been waiting for something great without traveling far .... we got lucky , cause this place is it ... \n\nappetizer . fried egg rolls .. hard to admit , but these are the best i have had at any restaurant .. spring rolls up next , and they were also very good , they did nt have that overpowering of mint so that was actually very good .. both dipping sauces were a very good compliment as well .. \n\nentree . wife had beef pho , and this actually beat our phoenix fave ( da vang ) ... awesome .. i had bbq pork , and was very good as well .. only downside was that i am not a fan of broken rice , but that is minimal ... ,,,\n\nnow it will be whether they stay consistent .. but this will be a definite weekly stop until otherwise .. \n\nalso since they just opened the menu is n't full yet .... i have some suggestions , see if they add them ..."
1 "watched a suns game here recently and had a blast . the arena is in the heart of downtown phoenix and is near bars and restaurants . it 's really easy to have a pre and post - game party . we walked to lucky strikes after the game and had a few drinks and shot some pool.\n\noverall , it 's a good time in this arena.\n\nreturn factor - 90 %"
0 "i have been a member here for 10 years and things are getting worse and worse . after driving almost 300 miles i tried to check in only to discover they lost my reservation and refuse to get me a room telling me they are totally full ! \n\nif you are considering buying into this timeshare do n't do it . you will regret it . overpriced maintenance fees , poor housekeeping , nobody knows what to do or how to resolve a problem . \n\nit is not worth your time or money ! if you still want to buy this timeshare i will sell you mine for a lot less they what they are charging !"
0 "food was ok , service terrible . sunday lunchtime and they had many workers running around , but not very attentive to my party of 5 . \n\nlike i said , food was ok but certainly not worth what we paid for it . was like sitting in a barn , and they played alternative rock videos , one would think a pseudo western place would at least play pseudo western music , too ."
1 "i rue the day we ever met wandering horse.\ni was once young and beautiful , even handsome by some standards.\nnot now . not today . \ntoday i 'm a wretched ogre of a human , a jackal of sorts.\none whose eating habits , more traditionally , the ' chewing ' of ones food , has now been supplanted by a more efficient process ; mastication , and it 's all your fault.\n\nit 's true . \nthanks to wandering horse , i do n't simply eat food anymore , i devour it . \nwaiting at least five minutes after being seated so as to not appear the grievous sort i 've become , this as my salivary glands rev , i pretend to be cool . i 'm not . \nfive minutes are up . time to pounce.\n\nsalads , breads or appetizers have no place in my digestive tract . these only create digestive confusion and , slow my consumption of the big ticket items . i lock onto the grilled meat and seafood.\n\ngo time . \nmost , if not all of the lobster claws in the shellfish section . gone.\nkobe prime steaks , never tasted a one , but i inhaled six . ( they 're small , do n't judge me).\nand the cherrystone clams in garlic pesto .... what garlic , what pesto ? those rubbery little fucks were little more than a distraction while plotting my next moves . \nthe dessert station.\n\nthe dessert station is located in the center of the buffet , a thirty foot oval where two tiers of tiny little plates abound , and atop them ... every imaginable dessert creation . \nbut i do n't fall for the tiny dessert plate trick . they exist for for a reason.\nmanagement is smart . they know i can only hold a couple of these plates at best , forcing return trips.\nwell fuck that . i 've got a better plan.\n\nfirst , i locate one of the largest dinner plates from the entree section i can find.\nnext , i do n't think about whether or not i want to try something . hell no.\n i try one of everything because it just feels right . and besides , i have the right tool for the job with this big plate . \ni begin loading my big plate by spilling the contents of the tiny plates onto it . \n\n\""aren't you the least bit embarrassed?\ "" my wife sputters . \n\nfuck no , i 'm not embarrassed.\nif anyone should be embarrassed , it 's wandering horse 's management for this conniving little curveball ... forcing me to make several walk ' o shame trips with a small , hard to handle dessert plate . \n\ni begin racing around the oval station like it 's the indy 500 , lapping the slow - moving , indecisive dessert - goers , ( my wife included ) and in the process , dumping at least one of everything onto the big plate . a move that shockingly , earned me the respect of the staff.\n\nafter my first full lap , the staff , stationed inside the dessert oval actually began to assist by following me , relieving me of the tiny dessert plates as quickly as i could spill their contents onto my dessert trough.\na big five stars for the dessert staff for keeping up with me on my frenzy . \nyou guys rock.\n\nnow .... if only there were a dark cave where i could slip into ... an enclave ... a retreat from society where i can savor the spoils of my toils . \n\nps . all of this , including the ensuing sugar - high from the dessert racetrack for only $ 26.95 . \nevery ogre 's dream ."
1 they 're always so nice here and they do a very good job . it 's great to be able to relax without paying a very high price .
0 "griddle cafe is \""meh\ "" , to put it simply . i got a scramble that had jalape\u00f1os , onions , avocado , egg whites and chorizo . it sounded amazing , flavor wise it was not that great . there was also a layer of all the juices that i 'm assuming came from the meat and egg whites that just sat on the bottom of my plate like they did n't even try to keep that unwanted stuff in the pan . the red velvet pancake on the other hand was pretty good , i could n't complain . but really , take a trip to peppermill down the street . might cost you just as much if not less and it 's better than average . or take a taxi cab to hash house on the strip or go to baby stacks for really good pancakes . there are so many better breakfast options in this city . the service was good , nothing exceptional . overall , meh ."
0 "ordered veggie lo mien w / extra veggies only to receive a greasy , bland dish with very little veg . fianc\u00e9 ordered singapore noodles only to get a mass of bland , boring noodles , without much meat or veg . egg roll , wonton soup and veg soup all equally under - whelming ."
0 worst company ever ! ! ! ! no customer service . if you call on sunday you 're out of luck and they do n't care ! !
1 "we are quickly becoming regulars here . the patio is always nice even when it 's 100 out due to the great misters and nice seating . service is always great and they actually have a couple great healthy menu options now , the shrimp and spinach salad is probably one of the best salads i 've ever had ! lots of good beers on tap as well !"
1 "this review will be short & sweet because you only need to know three words when you walk into fiamma . traditional . potato . gnocchi . order it and you will not be sorry . loaded w/ lobster , complimented with cremini mushrooms & leeks , all in a black truffle cream sauce . it 's absolutely divine ."
1 "pho . i 've missed it since moving to arizona . tragic , i know . recently i became fixated on it . had to have it . for a week it was pretty much the only meal i could think about . where , oh where to get it in phoenix ? lucky for me , i know people . people who know where to go to feed my need for pho . da vang!\n\nright when we walked into da vang , i knew it was going to be good . it just looked , well , like it was supposed to . a little worn , and more utilitarian than attractive - you know that everyone comes for the food , not the decor.\n\nthe menu is pretty extensive - almost overwhelming , and conveniently numbered for people like me who would butcher the pronunciation of the dishes . i should have taken more time to review , but i was on a mission . a pho - king mission and i was n't leaving without it.\n\nto start , we enjoyed deliciously fresh spring rolls - one type with shrimp ( # 48 ) and the other with bbq pork ( # 49 ) . both were prepared with crisp refreshing mint leaves and went oh so well with the peanut dipping sauce . heaven!\n\nthe beautiful big bowl of seafood pho ( # 12 ) that was placed before me was well worth waiting for . oh ! shrimp , crab , squid and more ! bathed in a succulent broth and surrounded by a hearty portion of rice - stick ( thin ) noodles . love these ! seeing my friend 's noodle envy , i surrendered a portion to add to his pho , which came with thicker noodles ( and looked awesome , too ) . i like the burn , so i heated up my broth with chili sauce , sriracha , lime juice and even a couple jalapeno slices . after a few bites my lips were on fire - perfect!\n\nmy only regret is that there was no way that i could even consider dessert . physically impossible after all of the amazing food i had consumed . i am sure they would have been good . well , i just have a reason to go back!\n\nwell worth the drive . da vang , i know where to find you now , and plan on seeing you often !"
1 "great food , great drinks and great service . i enjoyed sitting on the outdoor patio . the panzanella was fantastic and the foie was good , but overpriced for the portion size . the lobster mac and cheese was good , but not great due to the lobster being overcooked . i do n't think it is possible to cook it correctly , because every time i 've had it anywhere , the lobster was overdone . the drink menu was interesting and good , with many drinks you wo n't find elsewhere . the wait staff was very good , with a good knowledge of both the menu and drinks ."
1 modern steak closed . :( \ntotal sad face . how can this be ? i totally loved this place .
0 "easy with a lot of kids with different likes as plenty for kids , basic veggies , mac and cheese , pizza and soup . also the brownies and ice cream desserts . however for adults , salads are ok but nothing special , pizza is eh and not many healthy options . i have n't been in a few years but i remember better food and more selections.\nthere is no service anymore but the price is cheap if you want an easy option . we were on playdate and was easy but not somewhere i would chose to go on our own ."
1 "love this place ! everything is amazing , and the service is top notch !"
0 "over - hyped and overpriced . located in the forum shops in caesars , trevi is located right in the middle of the mall . my boyfriend and i did not have to wait , luckily , but were sat right next to the greek gods water fountain which turned out to be very loud / distracting . service was slow because it was a busy . the food ( italian themed ) was nothing special . i ordered the linguine ai frutti di mare , one of their specialties , which was delicious but expensive for the small portion and lacked enough seafood . my boyfriend 's sausage pizza had onions that were way overcooked . overall , i will not be returning and am surprised at the poor value of their food for the great location ."
1 "this is the best barber shop experience i have ever had . i am not kidding . matthew is quintesential barber . i do n't even know what that word means i just thought i should be using a word that makes him sound top notch . his place is cool as hell . he cuts with the best of them . he is professional . it is comfortable , relaxing , gentle ... all that and more . i have never written a review on anything , but this dude deserves all the business he can get . i ca n't wait to go back ."
1 "i love this place . their service is friendly and everything i 've tried on the menu for the last 2.5 years has been great . the calamari appetizer , half price at happy hour , is the best calamari in the country . and my airline pilot husband and i have traveled and eaten out a whole lot in the last 30 years . our college student son likes the food as well . the asian fusion cuisine works . you 'll love it ."
1 "i 've been coming to tag 's for about a year or so and found it to be wonderful place and yes , a trip back in time . tag 's menu incorporate both southwest and american foods in over sized quantities . while you 're there i would recommend the locally made knick - knacks along the walls that you can purchase . the food is good and service is great!\n\nenjoy !"
0 "so expensive and unsatisfying . if it was n't because my options were limited on thanksgiving , i would 've never given caffe boa a chance . but i was desperate and hungry so caffe boa was the first of our string of disappointing dining experiences in central arizona.\n\nok , i 've had worse but i 've definitely also eaten far better food in my life . the best part of the meal was the free bread . it was actually very good and the dipping sauces ( especially the chipotle one ) were tasty.\n\nwe ordered the shrimp adriatico ( $ 10 ) to start . as far as paid dishes go , the appetizer was the best thing we got . the sauce was marinara - esque with a tang . if you do n't like acidity , you will not like this . the flatbread was delicious and it 's also fun to soak up the sauce with the complimentary regular bread as well . \n\nwe also ordered lobster ravioli ( $ 22 ) , angus burger ( $ 16 ) , and voodoo penne ( $ 8 half portion ) . the lobster ravioli may be the most overpriced , overrated dish on the menu . are you serious ? $ 22 for 5 tiny ravioli ? i would love to see what a half portion is . what 's worse is that the filling tasted like imitation crab . it was the worst thing on the table . you would think a burger is a safe bet but nope , not the case either . i know we did n't ask for well - done but the burger , bun and fries came out beyond well - done . everything was charred . $ 16 for a burger is more than i 'd pay for most \""gourmet\ "" burgers in la . finally , let 's talk about the voodoo penne . this was actually an excellent value compared to everything else . a half portion is more than enough for the average individual for lunch . at only $ 8 , that 's pretty good . too bad the pasta tasted very average - kind of like the type of pasta i can make at home in 10 minutes.\n\nit was 1:30pm on thanksgiving and there were only 2 other tables of people at the restaurant . you would think that if there are 2 servers for only 3 tables of patrons , the service would be excellent . instead , the servers often mysteriously disappeared for 5 or 10 minutes at a time . my friends did ask for a lot of hot water with lemon and honey . we appreciate all of the free lemon slices , honey , and bread we received . unfortunately , that was the highlight of our meal ."
0 "so wednesday was our anniversary . 31 years ! i never thought i 'd ever live to see that ! ! ! like when you 're 10 & you think 30 is soooo far away ! we decided to try a new restaurant instead of 1 we 've been to before . we agreed on brasserie 33 . we love french food ! not since lepommier have we had good french food . i called the place on monday to make reservations . a polite , french - accented man answered . i asked if they had booths . he said no , but he would give us their best table , table 15 . he said it was in a quiet corner by itself . i thanked him for that & said it was for our anniversary , so that would be wonderful.\nwe found the place , in a strip mall . there was a laundromat a few doors down ! we thought this place was supposed to be nice . parking was terrible as 1 would expect on ellsworth . as we walked up to the place , we saw through the window that table 15 was already filled . uh - oh ! it was fairly empty-3 tables & 6 at the bar . i tried to say we had resevations when the waitress came up . yes , yes , yes she said & then asked us something about the menus . unfortunately , i did n't understand her through her french accent . i said give us both menus . tom realized she had said regular or groupon menu , & we got the regular menu . she sat us at a table right at the end of the bar & kitchen , not at all private . \nwe placed our order , & waited for long periods of time for each course . i know , made to order takes a while , & there was just the 1 cook , but we did wait , a lot , & they were n't that busy ! tom got the escargot , salade lyonnaise & the bouillabaisse . i ordered the vol - au - vent with shrimp & scallops , salade d ' endive et de betteraves & the roti de canard au cassis . we also got a bottle of wine from the very limited selection . we finished with the profiteroles for dessert . the food was good . but , it was n't outstanding , just good . my duck was actually overcooked , burnt on the bottom . every plate was covered to the rim with parsley . the waitress seemed hurried , not to be bothered . her response was always - monsieur / madam , yes , yes , merci , merci , & then she was gone . for what we paid , with tip , about $ 200 , we were sorely disappointed . for $ 200 , there are alot of other restaurants we could 've gone to & been extremely happy with our evening.\ntom went to the bathroom & said it was n't very clean . as well , he said doors were open to the dishwashing room & somewhere else . he said the sights in those rooms were not something you 'd want to see.\nat 1 point , 5 older men who were at the bar drinking , sat down at the table next to us . really ? ? ? 7 - 8 other tables & they sit next to us ? ? ? ? they had been drinking quite a bit at the bar . when they sat down , each of them had their own bottle of wine to have with their meal , as if they needed more alcohol ! they were loud , they were obnoxious , they were rude . they said they were dentists . 1 more reason why i fear doctors ! they made racial comments . they made sexual comments . the waitress did n't help . she would come over & basically let these guys paw her up . 1 guy grabbed her leg as she went by . another said he wanted he wanted her breasts , not the check . she went along with all of it . in fact , suddenly , her thick french accent was gone!\nwe wo n't be back there again !"
0 "i 'm sitting in a pedicure chair now . i called for an appointment for a pedicure and manicure at the same time since i am on lunch . they said sure come at 12 . got here at 12 and they said they ca n't do them both at the same time . one after another . i said no i am on lunch , that 's why i called . so i said fine just pedicure . they have been chit chatting in some language for the past 20 mins and my pedicure is barely even started . so rude . if they would stop talking and screaming across the room- maybe they could get more done ."
1 "got the create your own tacos for 7.25 , soft flour , carne asada , asadero cheese , and pico de gallo salsa . for what seems like whole on wall ( it 'd be easy to miss this restaurant since it 's not facing the street and it 's next to coin laundry ) . the wait was worth it . carne asada was very good . i agree with one of the reviewers , price for a lot of items on the menu is kind of on the high side . if you are in madison , a must - go foodie place ."
1 i love rays ! ! ! \n\nwhen ever i 'm in phx this is my first stop . i always get the pizza and wing special . large pizza and 20 wings.\n\nthey have the best wings in valley ! ! !
1 "really good bagels and great service . the apple cinnamon seasonal bagel is crazy good . place is clean , service is nice . we 've had a lot of einstein bagels brought to us , but never visited a location ; this is a great alternative to starbucks for the road - trip traveler ."
0 "do not go ! i took my pomeranian there to be groomed . they were given very specific instruction 's on how i wanted her groomed , including length of the body , and to just trim the face , leaving her with some fluff and fullness around the face as a pom should be . when i picked her up , the groomer had completely shaved her entire body , including around her face . when i asked why she looked this way the answer the groomer gave me was \""i groom pom 's like fox's.\ "" this was a blatant disregard for what i ( the customer ) had specifically asked for . when i spoke to the manager and told her i was completely unsatisfied with how she looked and that my instructions were completely disregarded her answer was \""do you want me to fix it?\ "" fix it ? ! what is there to fix ? there is no hair left ! so i said \""no i do n't want you to cut anymore off\ "" ( she would look completely bald ) . then she said \""well what do you want me to do?\ "" i said \""well i 'm an unsatisfied customer , what do you do when that happens?\ "" she said she would give me a discount on my next grooming . i said \""i paid for this grooming , which was atrocious , not my dogs next grooming.\ "" then she says \""well it sounds like you just want to complain and not let me fix it.\ "" i said \""what is there to fix ? again , she has no hair left!\ "" so then she says \""well do you want a refund ? would that make you happy?\ "" i said yes that would make me very happy . her reply \""well i just ca n't do that.\ "" ok , so then why was that offered to me ? so , aside from the horrible grooming and terrible customer service , the place is also very dirty and it 's more than obvious that the groomers are not well trained in how to groom certain breeds of dogs , as well as the fact that they completely disregard any grooming instructions you give them ."
0 "let me start by saying that i have not eaten here . my review is purely based on my inability to reach anyone to place a delivery order . \n\nbased on the wonderful reviews and a friends recommendation , i was so excited to try king wong and loved the idea that they deliver ! i tried for two hours to reach someone to place an order . after many attempts , unanswered calls , and busy signals .... i gave up and moved on . it is unlikely that i would try again . disappointing ."
1 "le saint bock has over 19 drafts on their white chalk board ... what to drink ? ? \n\ni ca n't think properly when i am too excited , faced with too many choices : local quebec beers from various microbreweries . \n\ni ended up just ordering by numbers ... lucky number 17 and 19 at $ 4.13 each.\n\nthe low armchairs are quite comfy ... and music quite loud ... i can only see my friend 's mouth moving but can not hear a thing ..... it is quite dark inside too and everyone looks good ? ! maybe just a little too much to drink?\n\nwaitress is super nice and ask if we need separate checks for our beers ? ?"
1 "i came here on date night with my boyfriend , and we were blown away ! our server maria was awesome , she was super nice , and seriously was one of the best servers i 've had in a while . \nwe started off with chips and guacamole , which were amazing ... and i also ordered the skinny marg which was huge and equally awesome ! we ordered the fajitas for two and it was super tasty and a ton of food . we will definitely be back !"
0 "received a functioning car , drop - off was smooth.\n\ncheck - in , however , was ridiculous . despite no line , and half a dozen bored counter staff , it took a full 30 minutes to process an existing reservation and procure me an actual vehicle . for the first 10 minutes there was no indication of a problem . for the second 10 minutes , as i looked increasingly impatient while watching the staff member apparently program the space shuttle or possibly update his facebook status for the 17th time , no indication of a problem and no apology for the time - wasting . for the third 10 minutes , there was a grunt about finding me a car of the appropriate reservation class , followed by an additional grunt about \""this would have been a lot easier if you had n't made your reservation in hotwire\ "" . really ? so if budget accepts hotwire reservations but has trouble processing them , that 's the customer 's fault?\n\nalso - apparently the counter staff communicate with the car moving staff via push - to - talk cell phone . that 's fine . apparently the counter staff also do not know where the charger to said phone is , and spend lots of time yelling at each other about where it is . so , if that cell phone loses charge , does that mean nobody gets a car ? \n\nthis is my second poor budget experience in a row in two completely different states . lesson learned ."
1 "soooo i got really mad at my now ex(again ) and i threw the watch he bought me at him , which ended up sliding on the ground ...... a few times . now this was nt a cheap flea market watch , this was a 150 $ vestal watch . it was an amazing watch ! \n\nluckily it did nt shatter , this watch is def built tough ! so i venture down from my apartment and find this place . i entered and its cool bc he has a remote door so he has to buzz you in . there were 3 people already in there , all regular customers ! good sign ! i sit and wait , very paitiently since i have no job , lol . its finally my turn ! i tell him the story , he laughs and said he 'll have it ready in 15mins , wow ! ok so i go next door and eat and come back . again he has a few people waiting ! this man must be the go to guy ! ! my watch was good as new ! the damage for my tantrum was 15 $ and of course i gave him a lil tip.\n\ngo check him out if you need jewelery / watch repair , parts , and the whole 9 !"
0 "so the sign on the door says it opens at 5 a.m. at 5;05 , the door is locked and the one visible employee looks at me , waiting outside , and scurries in back . bear in mind that i 'm dressed for my white - collar job , so i do n't look like i 'm going to rob the place or like i 've been up all night to get lucky.\n\ni call and ask whether the sign is wrong . gal does n't know : they 'll open in 10 or 15 minutes , maybe . no guarantees . she refuses to give a reason why they ca n't open on time or why the sign would be wrong.\n\nso the serious plan was to leave a customer standing outside the restaurant for half an hour past the posted opening . because when you want fast food , an extra 30 minutes is nothing ."
1 i love this place ! they are always super friendly when we come in and the food is consistently delicious ! not super expensive and great service !
0 "let me start by saying .. i never give bad reviews . i always go with reason when i have a bad experience and focus on the plus side of things . i was reluctant to even write this one . the food is always tasty and fresh . however , the girl who seems to be the manager / supervisor is needing some direction . bad experience dining in and for drive thru . i 'm pretty she 's the same girl who takes the orders for the drive thru . she 's by far the rudest person in drive thru history . she was even snappy to us once ! she obviously ca n't stand people and has no patience ( it was n't overly busy the past 2 times when we experienced this ) . she 'd be better at just prepping the food with no customer contact .. although i read another review that mentioned her and she was n't doing that properly either . she also acts like she 's right when she gets the order wrong or gets huffy when we have to repeat the order to correct it . she seems annoyed to be there and annoyed with the public in general . even when she has tried to be nice when handing off the order , she comes off as fake . i 'll be back because the food is good and quick . hopefully the 5th time will be the charm . optimistically , maybe we happen to catch her on her bad days ?"
0 "the mission has been a favorite of mine since it opened . i had my farewell to scottsdale , arizona brunch on april 27th , and it was very disappointing . after we were seated at 11 a.m. , ordered drinks , and were given menus ; the waitress advised us upon taking our order that their fryer was broken , and would n't be repaired anytime soon , or at least while we were dining . really problematic for our party , as we were looking forward to splitting their fabulous french fries . there was a rather dismissive apology by the waitress , then she advised us that any of the entrees that would normally require a fryer could be prepared as grilled . i really could n't think of what that was on the menu , but i ended up ordering a couple of \""safe\ "" appetizers to split , and left disappointed . we also ordered chips and guacamole , and the chips were either from another establishment or yesterday 's as they were stale and uninviting . not what you would want to pair with $ 12 tableside guac . it was even more entertaining to watch the very large touristy family next to us who wandered in with 7 kids under the age of 12 . there was nada on the menu for these little ones to eat except a quesadilla i guess . after they ordered , their waiter came back to their table to let them know that their whiny kids would be ordering something else besides french fries and empanadas . sort of a metaphor for me and scottsdale as a whole , glad to be back in cali ."
1 "i need to contradict all these bad reviews , we ate at this buffet by accident and i was hesitant because of the bad review i had read on yelp but we went to try it anyways . what an amazing surprise , the prime rib was some of the best i 've had , and i 've had it at many places around the country , the sausage was also excellent . the crab legs were great , although some were a tad salty ; the selection is great with 8 lines not including the awesome dessert line . i will return ."
0 "planned to have lunch & a drink ( alcohol ) w / my dad & bf . the server carded me ( i 'm 30 ! ! ! ) , she \""i ca n't take this id , it 's vertical\ "" , when i gave her my ( valid ) license . i sat there till others were finished . then i thought hey ! i have another ( more recent ) government issued id ! my marijuana medical license card w / my bday on it ! ! \n\nthe manager came out & told me ... \""i'm sorry we ca n't take this id either , * nervous chuckles * , we recently had a meeting on this , we ca nt take any of these id 's , sorry , i do believe that you 're you . i know , i 've been having the same problem cuz i 'm 21 and i just had to get another license to make it horizontal\""\n\n\ni said , \""are u kidding me ? you wo n't give me a drink , even though you said u believe these id 's are me ! ? ! ! & my dad is right here.\ "" \n\nthis is some bureaucratic bullshit ! ! why is applebee 's trying to force me to go to the dmv , to get a 5 $ license renewal , so it can be * horizontal * instead of vertical ? ! why the hell ? ? ? my card does n't expire till 2049 , what s the problem?\n\napplebee 's , even when i do have * the right * direction of license card , you will not be getting any buisiness from me!!\n\ni ended up drinking water ."
0 "purchased the groupon for the tri - pak of oils which they were out of . was told they would arrive in 15 minutes , waited 20 minutes and left . waste of a trip , guess they could n't come up with a solution to give me another product to subsitute what they did n't have . ruined my experience to ever go there again ."
1 try to catch emily 's class -you will not be disappointed . she 's amazing . gorgeous downtown studio . free garage parking . friendly staff . great monthly deals ... \n\nupdate to original post just to say that hamid and kate are additional instructors that i would highly recommend ! \n\nnamaste : )
1 "amazingly delicious veggie cheesesteak sandwich . shared a $ 12.75 20\ "" sandwich and we were both full . comes with cheese , peppers , and onions , if you want mushrooms , there is an extra charge.\n\ni deducted one star because they need a better restroom situation ."
0 "i had dinner here on 12/29 . one word describes my experience : overpriced.\nthis place has potential : the decor is nice , the wine selection is good , too . the food was definitely good . however , the amount they charge for cuisine that is rather typical is ridiculous.\ni had the seared scallops and a bibb salad . both were quite good , but the food alone was $ 30 . way too much for what i would pay $ 15 - $ 20 at any other restaurant . the scallops were served on a bed of diced yams which were undercooked . \n\ni would even overlook their high prices , if it were n't for one thing : the service sucked.\nwe saw our server three times the entire night . i called the manager over once , and someone else brought our food . it took forever for someone to take our drink order when we got there , and the wait between my salad and dinner was extremely long.\nthe place was n't even half - full , either . i have a feeling it may not last . \nif you 're thinking about going here , i recommend 131 main instead . you 'll get much more for the same amount of money ."
1 "this was a last minute trip to vegas . this time i wanted to stay away from the strip . its a great hotel , very clean , all the workers there nice that we ran in to . room was big . my wife loved the restroom / shower area . the price was right . ( off season ) its only about a 15 minute ride to the strip . i would stay there again for sure in the off season ."
0 "i 'd like to excuse myself in advance for any vulgarity expressed in this review for my experience with the stm has n't been the most pleasant.\n\nokay so first of all i 'd like to say that this review is not addressed towards downtown stm but west - island 's stm which is the wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooorse piece of shit service i've ever had!\n\nfirst of all , i 'd like to talk about the 217 and the 425 . during winter , for some reason , there is 1 chance out of 4 that they simply do not pass . no , not that they are late by 5 minutes ... they simply do not come . once i waited for 2 425s in a row and a 217 . nobody came and i just decided to go back home and skip class . i came late to work 3 times in 3 months because the 419 was not there and i ran to the 217 bus to get to work late . it 's awful.\n\nsecond of all , the drivers man ... ha ha ... fuck . the 419 driver in the morning of wednesday ( 12 - 11 - 13 ) who was not only late 10 minutes but also took the wrong turn following the 219 route and ended up doing a 15 minute detour to get to fairview got me late for work . when i confronted him , he replied with \""hey , it happens , what do you want me to do?\ "" . oh , i do n't know . maybeeeeeeee not read the journal while you drive . fucking retard . \n\nbelieve i 'm pulling this out of my ass , here , have a picture.\nhttps://fbcdn - sphotos - e - a.akamaihd.net / hphotos - ak - prn2/t1.0 - 9/1525254_10153618305210103_773641187_n.jpg\n\ni complained to the stm by email . i simply got a big fat \""lol ok\ "" from them . this is what happens when you have the monopole of something.\n\ni had bus drivers on numerous occasions that stopped in the middle of the fucking street to get something to eat at a dep ! thank you 217 bus driver for showing me that the stm sucks twice in a month . you 're already late 9 minutes and you choose to stop randomly on a 1 lane road close enough to an intersection to incapacitate the circulation to buy yourself a can of red bull , a bag of sunchips and a sandwich making me lose another 10 minutes then sit down at your seat for another 2 minutes to eat your fucking sandwich.\n\nhttps://scontent - b - iad.xx.fbcdn.net / hphotos - prn1/v / t34.0 - 12/1533505_10153648952985103_504751183_n.jpg?oh=9b8d9359fce3c4e43206e8ad17c48ab3&oe=53464855\n\nwtf ! \n\nhere is a picture of the 217 driver that decided to stop in the middle of a 4-way intersection to have a chat with the other 217 driver about bad drivers . holy shit people . are they like elementary school drop outs or something ? they moved after getting honked for 2 minutes . a guy even got out of his suv walking rapidly towards the bus.\n\nhttps://scontent - b - iad.xx.fbcdn.net / hphotos - prn2/v / t34.0 - 12/1081472_10153063301715103_644744380_n.jpg?oh=52d62ccfb7e5d0721c258f700188fed4&oe=5345f087\n\ndowntown it 's almost perfect . buses are never late or missing , metro is smooth , never had a problem with anything . in the suburbs , it is terrible ."
0 "this place is like the dmv whenever i go . it 's always so busy ! i just come here cause it 's close to the house . otherwise , i usually go to another location cause i know i wo n't be waiting in line forever . \n\ni was looking for the large flat rate boxes once and i could n't find any in the display area . i walked over to the side counter to ask for some assistance . i know he was with a customer but he completely ignored me for about 5mins . he did n't acknowledge me at all . i waited patiently until he said something to me . when i asked about the boxes , he was so rude about it . with that said , i try to avoid this post office as much as i can ."
0 "i 've always liked the auto bell and i go to several around town . you can get out of the car while they clean it , or you can sit in your car thru the wash and just drive off w/o waiting to get it dried , if you 're in a hurry.\n\ni've had issues with this particular auto bell recently , though . on at least four occasions i 've asked for the trunk of my car to be vacuumed only to find out later it was n't done . i 've got an suv that collects a good bit of debris from landscaping supplies , so i 'm always asking they make sure the back gets vacuumed out thoroughly . they always seem to acknowledge what i 'm asking , so i do n't know where the disconnect is , but i hate being at the market later only to find out the back has n't even been touched when i go to load my groceries.\n\nsame thing happened just this weekend , except this time i checked before driving off . nope - had n't even been touched . as dirty as when i pulled in . the guy whow as drying my car took care of it right away , but it should have been handled when they other guys were doing the vaccuming before it went through the wash . a quick trip to the car wash just took longer than expected.\n\nstark contrast to the auto bell in clover i like to go to . no communication issues there . i ask they make sure the back is vacuumed and it 's done . much friendlier staff there , too , in my opinion ."
1 "we tried pedro 's using our groupon we had purchased . i can say that this place has been around for 50 years per our cashier and it is well established . the service was prompt and the ice tea , chips and salsa were very good . the salsa was n't overpowering and the chips were crispy and light . our meals arrived shortly after we had finished eating the chips and salsa . my husband ordered the # 1 and i ordered the # 3 . the shredded beef tacos , cheese enchiladas and tamale were delightful . every bite was savory and tender . \ni would recommend this restaurant for mexican food . the staff is friendly and efficient , attentive and helpful . we will be back ."
1 "this was , by far , the best dinner that we had in vegas during our last trip.\n\nthe feel of the restaurant is perfect . i really liked the fact that it was off the beaten path a little and was n't in the middle of a casino . i actually forgot that i was in vegas and not back home in san francisco . \n\neverything that we ordered was amazing . my fiancee ordered the steak frites , and our waiter , who offered amazing service , convinced me to get the trout . i 'm so glad i did because it was one of the best fish dishes i 've ever had . \n\nto top it off , the bill was totally reasonable for a high - end restaurant . less than what we spent at nobu and mesa grill which were both so - so . ca n't wait to go back !"
1 "went here with my fiances family and this place was amazing . they are sicilian , so you can only imagine how important real italian food is to them . we had a party of 12 , and they treated us so nicely .\nanyway , the bathroom , has the best napkins i have ever dried my hands with ! i know weird right , and apparently the men 's has some pretty cool artwork above the urinals ( according to my fiance ' ) .\n the food is amazing , hot , yummy . some of the family had the raviolis , lasagna , sausage appetizer , salads , the shrimp linguine ; all was superb . will be going again when in vegas . like prior comments it is a chain restaurant but run like an original!\nthanks again for the lovely time !"
1 "first off , try the kimchi!\n\ni'd give hodori five stars , because the food is really great . what ruined it for me was the service . the server , whose name escapes me , was very short with us ; maybe it was an off day , but i do n't know if that 's really a valid reason . we 're not a very demanding party of two , so we were a bit thrown off.\n\ndespite that minor setback , the bbq chicken and bbq ribs were take - home - for - leftovers worthy . which is good , because you definitely pay for your portion . go during lunch , which i believe ends at 3 . half - price meals , which still totals about $ 12 a person !"
0 "the check - in was horrible . we waited 45 min only to see that the room was nothing like we booked . we asked for a non - smoking room with a king size bed , got a smoking room with two queen size beds ! they said they will change it at 3 pm today which does not help because we are here for two nights only . so thanks for ruining the first one ."
1 "sometimes an outsider can give you a different perspective . . .\n\ni flew in from denver last night and got taken out to barrio 's without knowing anything about it . first thing you notice is that it 's one of those white tablecloth and small neighborhood bistro - type mexican restaurants that are cropping up all over the bigger cities in the southwest , these days.\n\nyou know that 's the case when the server comes over to offer you any one of what he claims are the 250 tequilas they have behind the bar . ( ! ? ) he describes a margarita special they 're offering made with some brand i 've never heard of , agave juice and freshly squeezed lime . sounds unbelieveable , but turns out to be a tad too subtle for me , and those agave sugars are a bit slippery on my tongue . so , while i politely acknowledge that the first one was good , i tell him , in response to his question , that i like my margaritas with don julio and cointreau and ask for my next one that way.\n\nfirst downer , he gets a little snooty about what a rube i am.\n\nhey . mr. cool . i 'm your customer . if i like my margarita with ketchup , your job is to give me an enthusiastic smile and ask , \""one squeeze pack or two?\ "" \n\npassing by the margarita moment , we start out with table - made guacamole . it 's gets 3 stars for not having enough lime , salt or garlic , but still being pretty good . they add pomegranate seeds for that bistro flair , but while it comes off as interesting , it 's not as good as your well - made traditional guac.\n\nthey serve their sit - down table salsa with another somewhat contrived bistro element : bread and not chips . roasted peppers , however , made it pretty tasty , so i 'm not complaining.\n\non to dinner , and actually , that 's what gets them up to 4 stars : their chile en nogada , i think they call it , was a large poblano chile stuffed with chicken , apricots , peaches ( ? and another \""!\ "" ) , garlic and almonds in a light cream sauce . very very nice and unusual . the server said it was a traditional dish from the puebla area , and it was excellent and finger licking good . a bit of spice finished the dish and made it memorable.\n\ndessert , on the other hand , was a mediocre flan . a bit too heavy , with no subtlety at all.\n\nbottom line : creative food , a good attempt at bistro dining , tarnished only a little by a self - impressed server , and prices a bit on the high side . nonetheless , i 'm a fan and would go back . \n\nwhen i started this review i was going to comment on how strange it was that some people gave it 5 stars and others gave it 1 star . on reflection , i get it . this place is neat , but a bit too cocky for its own good , and that can make some people pretty upset.\n\nmy guess is that phoenix is big enough to keep this place around for a long time , and that the food and drinks , while somewhat over - priced , will keep em coming back . thanks , phoenix , for a very good dining experience ."
1 incredible sandwich . great service on the night that i was there . will definitely go back .
1 "very pleasantly surprised ! we had driven by many , many times wondering what exactly could fit in that little corner of a strip mall . turns out a lot ! a great little irish pub with some great food and drink offerings.\n\nmy husband loved the corned beef and cabbage , i enjoyed my fish and chips only complaint is that the chips were french fries .... fish and chips need chunky fries ! it is a tradition . the side of coleslaw though was delicious.\n\nthe very best part was dessert . can highly recommend the bailey 's irish cream bread & butter pudding with custard . speaks for itself really.\n\nthe atmosphere was nice and the staff were wonderful !"
1 my experience with this office was amazing ! ! ! karissa just recently contacted me about my insurance ( which to be honest i was nt even looking at the time ) and was able to get me a great deal . she really explained what coverages i had and recommended some changes for my benefit ( which geico had never done for me ) . if your ever looking for an agent to take care of your needs and make you feel confident call this office and ask for karissa ! ! ! ! once i get my finances in order ill get life insurance with her too ;) very proffessional and great customer service . i am definately sending my friends and family their way ! !
1 "my wife ( who is from phoenix and spent countless meals at this restaurant ) characterized this place to me as the \""gay denny's\""--a label i was apprehensive about mentioning in my review until i read the the reviews of other yelpers . after seeing about a dozen or more references to \""jenny's\ "" , i realized that my wife 's characterization is not only accurate , but quite routine and popular . please note that even yelp categorizes this place under \""diners , gay bars\ "" . that speaks volumes of coolness.\n\nthere is little to distinguish this from any other denny 's , and during the day it is the mild - mannered place we are all familiar with . but at night , and particularly in the wee hours of the morning , the alt crowd arrives . many people from goth and lgbtq clubs pile in here for food at that time after dancing and socializing . my wife and i went here after our visit to sanctum -- she walked in with her gothy attire and no - one batted an eye . the place had quite a crowd at 2 am and they were mostly a fairly young , hip group.\n\nfood was . . .denny 's . service was fine . if you go here at 2 am , you know you 're not going for the food in particular but for the crowd and maybe some people watching if you 're into that sort of thing . if you 're looking for a great place to get some post clubbing eats , jenny 's definitely hits a grand slam . recommended ."
0 "not again\na few simple items turned into a large bill . i thought the charges were excessive and questionable services that they stated i needed . i unfortunatey did not have time for my routine mechanic , thought this would be convienent with work location . shopper beware\nnot again for me ."
0 "i love design so i used to check out barami for high - end furniture somewhat regularly . it 's a massive store with enticing eye candy . they 're known for doing made in china knockoffs of high - end furniture , i.e. ) a replica of ' design ' couch that is normally $ 10,000 may be $ 5,000 . unfortunately however , the staff does n't have much knowledge of design so they ca n't tell you what the pieces are replicating . but if you have any knowledge of design yourself , you 'll quickly recognize the pieces that are knock - offs.\n\nit took me too long to realize that there is little to no workmanship in barami 's products . first , we bought a couch that looked amazing but came apart in less than two years . same thing with a chaise lounge . the fabric 's staples popped off the couch on their own . i bought a desk that wobbled because the legs were uneven . we bought stools that once we brought them home , noticed they were made unevenly . i bought a decorative ( and expensive ) light fixture for the kitchen but several of the pieces fell off on their own . such poor quality . we kept everything we bought at barami and tried to ' fix ' them ourselves because we 'd already paid so much for them . but the kicker was a plexiglass folding chair that i bought and which looked fantastic just sitting in my office , so i seldom used it . one day though , while i did happen to be sitting on it at my computer , doing nothing out of the ordinary , the seat of the chair completely snapped in two ! it 's not like i 'm a heavy person so it must have been a manufacturer 's defect - but a dangerous one , as i fell straight onto my tailbone ( ouch ! ) . i informed the staff so that they would be aware of the defect for future buying and i asked the staff if there was anything they could do about it i.e. ) a repair , an exchange , a refund etc . and they nonchalantly said , ' no ' . as one salespoerson told me , ' it 's not like a massive factory like barami needs to worry about one person 's little chair . ' \n\neverything looks great at barami but it 's more for people who do n't want to actually use their furniture - but just keep up appearances . maybe perfect for people who assemble ' showrooms ' in condos ? i wo n't buy anything there again though , as i 'd be better off getting something cheaper and more ' typical ' looking - even from ikea which believe it or not , is of better quality than barami ."
0 "i do n't remember who did my wax , but she was terrible . and i have had many many waxes . not only was i burned ( and had a scab for 5 days afterwards ) , but i had to give her a tip on how to wax the top part of the bikini and ask her to stop after she could n't figure out how to properly set - up most strips . it was incredibly painful and took way too long . she also seemed super nervous . needless to say i wo n't be back for that service and i am very disappointed ."
1 "the awesome duo that was performing got our attention . we had an hour to burn before a show so alcohol + good live music made absolute sense . we had a round of free drinks because of our show tickets.\n\nwe claimed our drinks at the bar . chilled there for a bit while i was watching the playoffs . after finishing our first round , we moved to a table right in front of the stage ... just so i could fall asleep ! i hope i was n't snoring . i could n't even remember the name of the performers and what they were playing but i 'm pretty sure it happened . all that matters is that the people i was with who stayed awake enjoyed the music and had a good time ."
0 "so disappointed with our dinner & service . waiter did n't know drink menu & brought wrong drinks but then tried to convince us they were the right ones . very slow & choppy service . bad acoustics & could n't hear people at the table . worst of all , food was boring and overpriced - one big plate of pasta for the entree . very few menu choices . none of us finished our meals ."
0 "this place has the potential for 5 stars but not as is today ! ! ! we live 5 min away and after reading the reviews we were soo exited to try a place where we could became regulars , we walked in and the place looks super cozy and nice , here is one star ! ! the music was amazing , there was live music and was really great ! ! ! that is my other star ! ! ! the service was the worst i had n a long time , the waitress was careless , never checked on us , plates were piling on our table , my husband got a bacon cheese burger , she forgot the bacon and did n't even said sorry , the burger was aww , nothing great , we had fried calamari , was blend and we did n't even get a wedge of lemon they advertised is served with on the menu ! ! but it was so hard to get attention from the waitress we were done before she came back . i had the chicken parmesan , and for what i read on the other reviews i was expecting it to be good , pasta was overcooked , chicken was soggy and took me 10 min to get the waitress to bring me parmesan cheese , and when she did she slammed it on the table like she was angry she had to go grate it or something ! ! ! and last of all , the garlic knots sucked ! ! ! ! they brought 4 out for a table of 3 and they where ok , a little heavy but fresh , we asked for some more and i think they were from the day before reheated , it was steal . well all i have to said is i wo n't be a regular here , and they need some management checking on the staff because service was terrible ! ! !"
1 "fresh bread and the best . pepperoni rolls . ever.\n\nthis is a special treat for me and hubby , and we always take our out - of - town guests to the strip for one of these delicious treats ."
0 "so this is a really cheap golf course .. it is fine for beginners . \n\nit is not in the best shape . it is what it is.\n\nthey have a range as well ... they have carts for the course.\n\nit is short .. \n\ndoubtful i would go back . but for people starting out , it should work for them ."
0 "when you go to this restaurant you can choose between the cafe or actual restaurant . we asked which side was better and the host said the cafe so we chose that . sitting out in the open did n't bother me too much but it was incredibly warm in the mall for some reason and made our dinner uncomfortable . the server was pretty poor . he did n't know the menu well and could n't tell me how the salmon tasted . when we finished eating the bus boy cleaned our table , while we were sitting at it . the server walked by us numerous times without acknowledging us at all . we eventually asked for our check and left with an overall negative impression . \n\nwhat you need to know:\nthe food is good , not amazing . \n\ntheir was no wait to get a table.\n\nthe service is probably pretty good but our server blew . ( i have his name on our ticket but i 'm not going to name him on here , i did write a sad face on our ticket ) ."
0 "took over an hour and 30 minutes for my food . yvonne 's needs the old owners back . \n\n\n\ni've eaten at yvonne 's for a long time . i 've made a few comments to the owners about how a 45 minute wait for a quick sandwich is n't acceptable or a quick lunch spot . \n\ni started ordering delivery food from them because of how long it takes when i 'm there , and this is n't any better . my food just took an hour and 36 minutes to get to my office which is literally the next complex over . upon asking the owner why it took so long to get here , he have me the same excuse as he did last time . when i told him he 's told me that before he said \""oh ... \ "" and just turned around and walked away . \n\n\ni wo n't be eating from there again ."
0 "if you are looking for strong arm tactics to buy the ' optional insurance ' , dirty cars and horrible customer service , then this is the place for you . i travel frequently and have never experienced anything quite like the service i got from this thrifty at sh airport . it started with the counter person threatening us with jail time if we got pulled over and did n't have their insurance and possible impounding of the car at $ 50 per day if we were in an accident . this guy would not take no for an answer . once we got down to the lot to pick up the car we were told that we were lucky because they had one car left . this car was dirty inside and out , had a horrible smell and had someone 's cell phone that was left behind by the previous driver . we did n't find the phone until the owner called it while we were driving , and we offered to take it back to the airport . once back at the airport we told them about the horrible smell in the car and they said there was nothing they could do because we already drove the car off the lot . we asked to speak with a manager and ( the only reason i 'm giving 2 stars ) he gave us an upgrade for our trouble , the only positive aspect of dealing with them ."
1 "on a bright late sunday morning , the four of us did n't have to wait too long ( @20 - 30 mins ) , for this caliber of a restaurant . we went before our flight back home so we had our luggage . the hostess took our bags and checked them in a separate room so we could eat comfortably . \n\nthe servers team worked like a well oiled machine . we probably had 4 servers tend to us , like they worked as a team to make us happy . as a former server , i love when that happens . the servers , informed us well on the specials , asked to prepare the foie gras for us , always had our water glasses filled ( very important after a saturday night / sunday morning in vegas ) , and were attentive without being to nosy ( love when this happens as well).\n\nfrom the taste and presentation , the food was spectacular . the bread comes out in the shape of leaves . then starting out the foie gras appetizer was decadent , 2.5 oz , would have been enough for us , the mussels were so fresh , and even the olives in the bloody marys had a freshness to them . \nas for the entrees , all of us were very pleased with what we got . i had gotten their signature dish , the prefectly cooked roasted chicken and chive waffles , accompanied with chicken gravy , maple syrup , and vanilla bean butter . all of it was amazing , except for the gravy , that was just way too salfty for me , and i love salt . nonetheless , the meal was delicious and did n't even need the gravy so it was all good.\n\ndefinitely a great place for brunch ."
1 "the cakes were delicious . my pregnant wife told me she wanted cake in a text so i yelped \""cake\ "" . i got a double chocolate and a red velvet . they were exactly what she wanted . i 'll be back again for sure ."
1 "i just love any excuse to do some shopping and since we were here for the yelp event .. shopping is a must!\nthis is by far one of the best malls in all of vegas ans it sure is the prettiest . it is home to one of my favorite places to eat : cheesecake factory . and i just love donald pliner as well as kiehl\""s.\nand just fyi : if you do valet it closes at 11 .."
0 i 'm not impressed with the concept or the food . i was here for lunch and the dining room was darker than most other restaurants are for dinner .
1 "this little place is a gem ! great intimate , social friendly space with a lot of charm . the staff is very friendly and the menu is simple and comforting with a flare of flavors . we did not have reservations , but were seated right away . our table was attached to the bar , sat a total of 10 people and was used for couples and singles . a great way to meet and talk with fellow diners if you feel like being social , but still plenty of space if you 're not feeling it . we had the crispy chicken skins with roasted honey ( a must have ) to start . for our entrees we chose the swordfish and ny strip steak . the steak was cooked perfectly and the red wine demi sauce added to without overpowering the natural flavor of the meat . the swordfish with lemon , mint & basil was fantastic ! ! we also had the baked mac & cheese ( unsolicited compliments of the house due to the wait time for our entrees ) . i highly recommend carson kitchen and will definitely be back to try the other items on the menu . bacon jam , chicken thighs and roasted beets are on the list for our next visit ."
1 "this place is surprisingly cozy and inviting , and the middle eastern food is delicious . it 's located in the strip of shops next to the harris teeter at kenilworth commons so do n't miss it when you drive by . the veggie platter / combo entree is my favorite thing to order- it 's huge and it comes with about 8 different items and pita bread . my boyfriend really likes the pita wraps and the potato harra . the only negative i have about this place is that it is n't cheap- entrees are mainly $ 10 or more and the sandwiches are $ 6 , but they do n't come with a side . if you are willing to spend a little bit of money this place is a refreshing change of pace . oh , and they have a belly dancer on friday night ."
0 "absolutely terrible . all hype , no delivery . meat was dry and bland , service was rude , do n't know why people would wait over an hour for a sandwich that deserves zero recognition . avoid - and thank me later"
1 "first the obvious , if you 're after ice cream or gelato , cruise the streets a bit and check out the flavors available . get a few free tastes , especially of the \""house specials.\ "" we did the same , and one thing we found was that not every shop had well - frozen product . the last thing you need is ice cream already on its way to ice cream soup . we checked out chez catherine , and they almost dared us to try their maple taffy flavor . if you love maple syrup , maple flavor , this will knock your socks off ! i had the maple taffy and rum raisin , scooped into a waffle cone . my wife got the maple taffy plus a scoop of mint chocolate , to sort of tame the sweetness of the maple . the ice cream was good and firm , well frozen , and we were able to eat a large portion with a spoon , keeping the whole process a bit neater . after reaching the cone , it was pure heaven , with the cone plus the ice cream to enjoy . seriously good ice cream , very friendly and attentive staff , and a delight to eat . only problem ? it 's 2000 miles from our home !"
1 "i took my car here after finding a big screw in one of my tires . they did n't charge anything to pull it out and patch the hole . i insisted on paying something but received a \""i could n't charge you with anything even if i wanted to.\ "" very friendly staff . i was out the door in 20 minutes ."
1 "this place is so cute and really represents a good , local coffee shop . i 'm always looking for local coffee shops when i 'm out and about as i would rather support fellow local business owners than the ceos at starbucks.\n\ni ordered a dirty chai latte and a half sandwich and half salad . everything was excellent , but my only complaint is that they were all out of many of the ingredients that were listed as salad and sandwich topping . also , there was only one person working and although she was extremely sweet and helpful , it took a little longer than expected to make our order . \n\noverall , this place has a great atmosphere and excellent menu ."
0 food is average at best . but last two times the service was terrible . they need to retrain their servers in customer service . the only reason for the 2 stars is that there is no denying that their cheesecake is excellent .
0 "dont believe the hype . do the math\n\nyes , basic cable is $ 22 if you want a few channels .... +$26\n\nif you want hd recievers ... + $ 30\n\nwith fees , you are over $ 80!\n\nthey burned me on the bait and switch with their \""bundle\ "" . [ i save a whopping $ 13 on a $ 218 monthly bill for cable , internet and phone ] whoopy freakin doo!\n\nthe bundle is a scam ."
0 "so here 's a filiberto 's update . after giving them a few days to respond from the corporate office in phoenix , i emailed them again . nothing . so , i have a bbb complaint in progress against them . stay tuned ..."
0 "i like the aldo chain of shoe stores because it is a pretty nice mixture of decent fashion , decent quality leather shoes , at decent prices . \n\nfor men , it 's like clarks or bass with more style , or kenneth cole without the designer price . \n\nthe two stars is for the staff / service . i did n't like the whiney voice of the person who helped us , she seemed off in her timing and attentiveness , should i say robotic sounding?\n\nhey , i helped earn my way through college selling shoes , and later was a junior buyer at a regional department store chain early in my career , so i know a little something about shoes . \n\nthe girl that helped us did n't . \n\nwe did n't buy anything , but i professionally reboxed and stacked up the pairs of shoes for them to easily put away . that includes putting back all the tissue , cardboard , plastic , etc . that comes inside the box of every pair . \n\nthe staff did n't seem to care less . unprofessional . \n\njust call me an old shoe dog.\n\nbut a better breed than al bundy , the loser horn dog ."
1 "yum yum yum ! beer is amazing- not one i could n't drink a couple pints of . comfortable , welcoming atmosphere . would like to see a couple more things for food- not interested in having pizza bread as an appetizer if the only entree choice is pizza . overall , would come back again in hopes that the menu will diversify ."
1 i did not remember what i ate the last time i was at the pub and was not too excited about eating their again . but it turned out to be one of the most memorable dinner at caesars palace during this visit to las vegas . i had the braised beef cheeks that melted like butter and paired with lucky beer . the service was great and friendly . ca n't wait to go back and eat at the restaurant again .
0 "fun if you 're a drag queen with disposable income . but for a guy who 's just buying heels for fun , not the best . i love their catalogues and wide selection , but the prices are off the charts . i 'm not a drag queen , and i do n't think i 'll be back anytime soon ."
0 "today i really had to question the priority of customer service at z gallerie at kierland commons . i wanted to purchase something , but they only had one and it was in the window . the gentleman who is the manager refused to sell it to me and offered two extremely inconvenient solutions - ( 1 ) order one , wait a week and return to the store to pick it up or ( 2 ) drive an hour out of my way to purchase at another store . as a customer it was extremely frustrating to want to pay for a product that is right in front of me , but the manager wo n't allow me to buy . i think this was a last straw , i will no longer shop at z gallerie . ( service like this might be part of the reason so many of their stores have closed ! ) there are plenty of options out there when it comes to shopping ."
1 "nice selection of fish , pasta , salads.\nfriendly and attentive employees / servers ."
1 "like chris and jason mentioned before me , this place is a great and affordable way to get you and your 20 + friends , girlfriends , boyfriends , lovers , buck fuddies , etc a place to sleep and recharge in vegas . relatively walking distance from the strip and even a cab ride would n't be too pricey on those nights / days of immobile intoxication.\n\nthis place is also great for last minute bookings on not so busy nights . a group of us were able to get a room for $ 30 ... booked the day of . awesome sauce !"
0 "went to this place today to grab a beer to find the bartender threatening to send the waitress home for not greeting someone that was aiming to sit at the bar . i did n't find it my place to say anything to him about it because i do n't like conflict but it seemed to really have embarassed and or pissed the girl off . i asked her how she was doing and she said \""i'm doing the best i can , thank you for asking\ "" sweet girl even after . hated to see her embarrassed like that so i threw her 5bucks because i felt her pain and the guy seemed like an asshole but i still gave him a tip for the sake of service ."
1 "expensive drinks ! \ni love how they have real sand in the pool , it gives it that beach feel ."
0 two $ $ ? not ! try $ $ $ $ -$$$$$\n\noverrated .
1 "yum ! this place is yummy ! it is my favorite authentic mexican restaurant to take out - of - towners to . the doorman / security guard is so sweet and makes sure you do n't get shot and that your car is there after your meal . the surrounding area is a bit tough , and i do n't suggest wandering far from the parking lot if you know what i mean . the somewhat scary location makes everything a bit more authentic in my eyes.\n\ni made the mistake of ordering chicken once , and i was disappointed . not sure why ... maybe it is because they do n't use all white meat chicken . or maybe it was an off day . or maybe i just do n't like their chicken . i do n't know . but now i stick with beef or cheese based items and everything i get is super delish . love the beans ! they do 'em right . margaritas are freshly made and full of alcohol , not like the watered down versions you get from a stupid machine at other places . got ta love the free chips and salsa ... the salsa always tastes fresh , and they 'll give you a super - spicy version if you ask . and they keep 'em coming , even after dinner if you want more . try the carne asada cheese crisp as an appetizer ... it is huge , but so good that if you have more than 4 people at your table you should order two . if you do n't someone 's going to wish they had gotten more ."
0 "this place was way too hyped.\n\nif you go on a winery tour in france for example , the experience is quite authentic . the scottish whisky experience was not much more than a video tour and a lame themepark ride.\n\nthe guide had little knowledge of the whisky making process and in general it feels more like a tourist magnet than a genuine peek into whisky production , culture and history ."
0 "we 've been there three times , trying to square its stellar reputation with our experience ; last night was for supper . \n\nservice : it took an hour for the food to arrive ; we 'd ordered easy appetizers , a burger and a baked chicken dish . trop tarde!\n\nstaff : we 've found them to be engaging , but distracted . the restaurant does n't deign to put out salt and pepper shakers ; i asked two waiters in succession to get those for me . nothing happened after about 10 minutes , so i got up and went for them myself ; lots of confusion and hand - waving to get them , only to find they were not functional . merde!\n\nambience : nice ; the lake , the swans , plausible pseudo - french accents , a neat guy handling the music . c'est bon!\n\nfood : the broiled shrimp , cheese grits & remoulade appetizer was execrable . i 'm from new orleans ; we board up and condemn restaurants that massacre simple dishes like that . my wife liked the burger , but it did n't like her ; it entertained her for 24 hours ; - ( my broiled chicken was meh exemplified . any albertson 's rotisserie can beat it ; \u00e9crasez l'inf\u00e2me!\n\nprice performance : all this mediocrity for a tipped bill of ~$83?\nscandale!\n\noverall : alright , kindergarten 's over . no more march\u00e9 for me.\nc'est fini !"
1 love quicktrip to start off with but the staff here at this location are great and really seem to like being at work
1 nice place and friendly staff ... i 'm new to yelp but a long time regular here ... they are always ready for me when i come in and most of them already know what i want.\nthe only downfall here is they tend to run out of my favorite drinks once every 6 weeks and it takes a week or two for them to restock it .
1 "i 'm stupid when it comes cupid . i love this place . i bought some candles , soaps and a cool magnet for my refrigerator . excellent service ! i'll be back !"
0 "there 's this terrible employee name leslie ybarra . after two visits for evaluation and a plan , i was ready to move forward . this leslie said that she would email the 2 plans that i was interested in and follow up with a call . i got the email but did n't understand the abbreviations and scope of work and no follow up call . i left a couple of messages since i was n't doing this for fun but i have dental issues that i want resolved . no call back other than a message next day saying that she was available until 2 pm . i called anyway ( it was 4 - 4:30 ) and she was there . i asked her why she did n't call and she gave the worst possible answer any employee can give .. i have too much work ( going to 4 other offices and perhaps why those reviews stink as well ) and do n't have time to do what i said i would do , in essence . also , even though she does n't work in your mouth , she bites her nails which looked nasty and very unprofessional for a business where oral hygiene is critical . i suppose that she 's too busy to scrub her nubs . seeing these other reviews does n't surprise me . i 'm actually glad now that she did n't call , i may have really stepped in it ."
0 ok i ve been here before and was very happy .. do nt know what happend to night .. open my order of orange chicken and it looked like someones leftovers ... not happy and will not be back and i will post pictures .. they did put a huge orange on top .. but i paid over ten bucks for this and i ve gotten more with lunch specials for 4.95 with soup eggroll and rice and tea and a cookie ...
0 "overrated . went here for dinner on 10/30/13.\n\ni had a few things , including the mushroom tart - tart was cold , but mushrooms were warm . when food is not served at the right temperature , then i 'm over it.\n\nthe garlic cream cheese stuffed peppers sounded better on paper than they did on the plate . the cream cheese completely separates from the pepper when you cut into it . no bueno!\n\nthe best part of my meal is the garlic bread and sweet butter . that was good!\n\nrestaurant is dark and very large . self - parking in the back . i was put off by the large number of kitchen workers taking their break outside of the restaurant that backs into the parking . i also did n't like seeing the numerous servers inside the restaurant all chatting with one another waiting for something to do ."
0 "wow . this place really angers me . first of all , they screw up my order every time . blended cinnamon chai latte . either they forget the cinnamon or forget to blend it . every time . the last time i was in there the owner gave me a dirty look and i have no idea why ! i 'm always polite especially to people handling my food or drink . dare i say because i 'm of an ethnic minority . maybe i 'm going too far , but i have no clue why that woman gives me the look of death every time i come in . i go in today and ask for a gift card .. they 're out . really ? it 's frigggin christmas . fine , you 're out . will you restock ? yes , after christmas . wow . i really just dislike this place so much and going back today made me realize why i stopped in the first place . i 've ordered tea from this place multiple times and they all taste the same . do they think i 'm an idiot ? i have these flavors of tea from their shop at home and some how my tangerine green tea tastes just like the black tea when i have them make it . ugh . never again ."
0 "centurylink is the worst company i have ever had to deal with . my internet and landline have been knocked out now off and on for over 2 months . when i call them to resolve this problem , they transfer me around until they eventually hang up on me . i want to disconnect all their services forever , and tell everyone what a worthless company they truly are ! ! ! !"
0 "so this is the second and last time i 'll be having dinner at kona grill . first time i had a pulled pork sandwich which was decent but not very exciting . i enjoyed the chicken satay appetizer and the nice drink / wine list , along with the modern , relaxed atmosphere . really like sitting on the patio or in the bar area . however , the main dishes are mediocre at best . i always give places a second shot but our second visit was even more underwhelming . i had the sea bass and my husband had the pork tenderloin . both were prepared well but pretty much tasteless and boring . and expensive . i love good food and i 'll pay for anything worth it , however this sea bass was not a $ 26 dish . not on any planet . i 'd recommend this as a nice place to meet for drinks and maybe apps and desserts but do not bother with an entree . i can name at least 10 other places in the valley with better food for those prices ."
1 "i like coming to this buffet at the tail - end of sunday brunch , right when dinner options are about to come out . why ? because i can still capitalize on the mimosas , get my eggs benedict and bacon , and still get my dinner options . it 's a win - win , really . the overall dessert bar is better here than at the wynn , but they do n't have a gelato bar ( fail ) ."
1 "it 's my little sister 's 17th birthday ( yes , i feel old considering i remember changing her diapers ! ) and i wanted to do something special for her . i considered using one of the online services ( proflowers , 1 - 800 flowers , etc . ) but i really wanted the \""wow\ "" effect of the flowers arriving all arranged and gorgeous . so ( of course ) i turned to yelp and found cactus flowers . \n\nthey have a great website showing photos of all their arrangements ( see \""cactus flower exclusives\ "" for prearranged , local delivery options ) , and they even offer national deliveries through ftd . i found a gorgeous bouquet and even had the option of adding balloons , chocolates , and a teddy bear . i went with the balloons because i was sending them to my sister 's school and i just had to go for the best ( aka most embarrassing ) visual display possible ! ! \n\ni placed the order yesterday ( hooray for next - day delivery - and even same - day delivery if you order before 1 pm ) and realized today that i did not specify delivery time . having the flowers arrive after she 's left school for the day is n't the surprise i was going for ! ! so i sent them an email explaining the situation and asked ever so nicely that they please try to deliver before 2 pm . just over an hour later , which was after noon in arizona - less than 2 hours before my requested delivery time - i received a response that it was taken care of . how great is that ? ! ? ! \n\ni'm still waiting to get a call from my sister ( i 'm sure i 'll post an update later today to say how it turned out ) , but right now they have a very satisfied customer ! \n\nthe cactus flower exclusives are gorgeous and go for $ 35 and up ( + tax and delivery , which is $ 13 - $ 15 ) . national deliveries also start at $ 35 + tax and delivery . \n\n- 1 star because the bouquet arrangements most people lean towards start at about $ 50 , which is kinda pricey ( only smaller arrangements with a handful of short stem flowers in a short vase are $ 35 )"
1 "great coffee shop vibe with super delicious and fresh coffee . they have five different roasts and i got a cup of the fruity blend from el salvador . they really know their coffee and can explain all the subtleties of the different varieties . \n\ni have to say that everything from here seemed to be made with an abundance of love . i loved watching my coffee being made as the woman oh so thoughtfully poured water through the paper filter so that the coffee was nothing less than perfect . \n\nin addition to their great coffee , they also have delicious yogurt and granola with fresh strawberries and honey . they also have a selection of delicious quiches and scones ."
0 woman was unbelievably rude to my friend and i. i asked for a chocolate covered strawberry and she practically snarled at us that they were $ 9 without making any move to pick one up for us . my friend and i are young but we still deserve to be treated as customers ! i will not be returning to this location .
0 "vegetarian bbq sandwich -- gross . it was $ 7 to boot and nearly all bread.\n\ncornbread -- delicious ! sweet and moist . the small is $ 0.49 and it is a little 4-bite muffin . i could have eaten two large orders ( $ 0.99 each , total 4 muffins ) at once , so order more than you think you would ever eat and it should come out to the perfect size.\n\nred beans and rice -- mediocre with huge chunks of sausage ; about 3 oz per side dish for $ 1.29.\n\nunless i get an intense craving for cornbread that warrants fighting campus traffic to get to blues , i wo n't be going back ."
1 "this is n't \""the best _ _ _ _ _ _ i ever had\ "" kind of a restaurant but your solid , go - to delivery / take out / dine - in solution . if you live in squirrel hill , this is your neighboorhood chinese place , period . if you are having a bad day , you should get the spare ribs , shrimp with broccoli , maybe some lo mein . it 's the kind of place that 's easy to take for granted because it 's not in fact extraordinary or unique- until you find yourself looking for a well - priced chinese delivery place that is better than okay , that is actually very good . \n\nthey are n't easy to come by . i 've moved around quite a bit over the years- new york state , pittsburgh , italy , florida , and now los angeles . best food ? italy . best chinese delivery ? definitely new dumpling house . and not just delivery , it 's actually a very comfy place to eat and close to all your squi - hi destinations.\n\ni get cravings sometimes , especially for the vegan orange chicken-- and i 'm not a vegan . i 'm not even a vegetarian , i just shared it with a vegan friend once and was hooked . it 's just like a really good orange chicken but kinda creamy in the middle and without any funny little cartiledge bits . mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ......."
0 "i just came back from a conference in vegas and luxor was the closest hotel with availability . the room in the east tower was fine and i would rate it about 4 stars but i had to drop stars for the following reasons:\n\n1 . when i checked in i let the front desk clerk know my wife & baby will be coming in on another flight and will need to get up to the room while i 'm away to the conference . so she had me write down my wife 's name on the room reservation . when wife arrived she was told that the name was not on the reservation and she had to wait an hour & a half at the reception with a crying baby and had to clean diapers in the public washroom . when i talked to the manager on duty later his response was \""what do you want me to do about it?\"".\n\n2 . there is a loud screeching rumble which sounds like a generator right behind the room we were given that started up around 6:45am every morning we were there . i did not have to set an alarm as the generator was loud enough to wake all of us up . luckily for us , baby normally wakes up around that time anyway.\n\n3 . quite a few annoyances such as at one of the restaurants at luxor , the waiter gave us the option to charge meals to the room and then came back 15 min later saying they ca n't do it ( with no reason given ) and then taking another 15 min to settle our bill with a credit card . also , even though luxor advertises wifi availability it is very inconsistent and we could barely make use of it ."
0 "here 's a tip for the staff : if you are going to pretend that the sushi is made fresh and you seat a party at the booth next to the sushi chef , maybe the sushi chef should leave the prep area or someone should come in contact with him in between the time someone orders and the sushi is served . that , and have the sushi not taste like it was made a week ago nor smells like a contaminated beach at low tide . \n\ni've had better and less rubbery sushi at a gas station . \n\nthe waitresses pay more attention to macedonian congressional tax reform debates than to the patrons , the chef looks bored , and the patrons appear more interested in being seen than any semblance of dining . and the food ? i 'd rather lick the floor of the amc movie theater across the street . \n\nthat being said , the iced tea was pretty nice . not that we got more than one refill ..."
0 "i want badly to love this place but the few times i 've gone i 've been disappointed : ( the cc 's are fine , just fine ."
1 "my car thermometer said it was 38 degrees this morning when i was headed to work , and i was in the mood for a quick caffeine pick - me - up . thank you coffee gods for giving this starbucks a drive thru ! \n\nthere is usually a line of 2 - 5 cars when i stop here before work but the people working always seem to get people on their way quickly . i have never gotten the wrong drink and most of the time they do n't even charge me for the extra drizzle of caramel i request ! \n\ni have never stepped foot inside , so no comments on the cleanliness , or lack thereof . all i know is on cold mornings , that drive - thru is a lifesaver !"
1 "mandalay bay in las vegas , nv was a perfect match for my recent vegas vacation ! it was was located on the vegas strip , within walking distance to great attractions like the welcome to fabulous las vegas sign and many other great hotel / casinos . it was close to the tram access and only a short ride from mccarren airport . the hotels amenities included numerous great restaurants ( 2 by hubert keller ) , clubs ( mix lounge has the best view of the strip ) , tons of pools to lounge by and even a shark reef ! as for its affordability , it was a steal . i booked through southwest.com ( thanks drivenjess & driventia for stalking their website ) . the package included airfare , hotel stay and tickets to a cirque du soleil show for what i would have planned to spend just on the hotel . split that three ways thanks to roomies and i had a little bit left over to try my luck at the tables . tripadvisor.com gave the hotel 4 out of 5 stars and was helpful on figuring out which restaurants to try and what attractions just were n't worth the time . the room had a great view from 32 stories up and even helped us plan our walking trip to the in & out burger located just off the strip . comfy beds , a big tub and the oh so lavish telephone in the john made me fell like i was in the prince 's suite but only paying the price of a pauper ."
0 "maybe i 'm being too harsh , but i barely got a greeting here . the staffer was too busy talking to a friend who had stopped by about her childcare plans for the week . as the staffer weighed my package and completed the shipping information she continued to engage her friend in conversation and ignore me . only when it was time to ask how quickly i wanted the package to arrive did she talk to me . i guess if my package arrives at the destination they 've done their job , but i do n't think they did it very well . i 'll find another shipper next time i need to mail something ."
1 "my friends and i love wicked spoon ! we come here every time we go to las vegas . we 've tried other well - known buffets and nothing compares ! all the food is well - made , high quality , and presented beautifully . for example , the banger n mash ( available at breakfast / brunch ) has a dollop of mash , then the gravy poured over it , then the banger placed on top of that along with some steamed carrots for color ( beautiful to look at and delicious ) and is ready to grab n go . you will get excited to try it just by the way it looks . practically everything looks fresh and delicious ! i have n't seen anything here that makes me think , \""yuck , i do n't think i should eat that ... \ "" \n\nmost importantly to me , wicked spoon has a lot of paleo friendly food ! i got a plate of bacon , kale salad , pork belly , beets , artichoke hearts , and bone marrow ! i scooped out the bone marrow , added a dash of salt , then mixed it into my kale salad . delicious ! i would have got some prime rib , but i just do n't like that cut of meat . the fattier the better , i say ! this plate was just the first of a lot of different paleo - ish foods i picked . also , there is a fresh / custom omelet bar that will usually have a long line . i 'll try that next time ! the goodness does n't stop at wicked spoon . trust me , the long line is worth the wait !"
1 "i have been very happy with dawg days . the outside is not attractive but the inside is very dog friendly . we 've been taking our dog to get his hair cut there for over a year . we used to take him to pet smart , who nicked him with the razor on 2 occasions and sent us home with a bleeding dog and not a word of explanation . dawg days is family owned , and they genuinely care about the dogs , and when our dog gets nervous , they do n't traumatize him . we just got a second dog and he was terrified of the razor , so they gave him a haircut by hand and did n't charge us any extra . they keep the dogs in an open pen indoors and do n't lock them in metal crates . the staff is frequently in with the dogs giving them love and attention . our dog is afraid to walk into pet smart , but in the last year has never become afraid of dawg days , and has never come home bleeding . it 's hard , but do n't judge this place by the outside , we have been very happy with their services ."
1 "great service , friendly staff , great food and excellent atmosphere . portions are a bit small for the price . this will be a regular spot ! !"
0 "oh i forgot how much i hate you ! \n\nyou've yet again managed to ruin another family vacation ! i promised myself the last time that i would never fly you again . but somehow i forgot . \n\ndelayed due to a malfunctioning generator ? ? really and now you want me to go 5 hours cross country on you with my offspring ! i will never ever fly you again.\n\nmissing the az diamondback game was the least of my worries . thinking that i was flying on an old decrepit plane .... yeah pretty much occupied my mind.\n\nyour staff is rude . you did n't even offer us a free snack after delaying us for 3 hours . \n\nyou made me want to write jet blue a love letter , asking for forgiveness because i cheated with a lesser quality airline . i will never fly you again and oh i wo n't forget ! !"
1 "this place gets it . although busy at lunch , greeted with a smile . order was at my table pretty quickly . my order was right , but i saw many folks send theirs back because it was wrong . i am picky when it comes to gyros , these were awesome ! my second time there , and i will be back ."
1 "i loooove this place . not love . but loooooove.\n\nhere are a few reasons why:\n - lounge style seating with good music . none of that rhianna shit.\n - the service is always awesome.\n - the menu has some of the most interesting , diverse , and fun cocktails ( even appetizers ) i 've encountered . especially in vegas.\n - the bartenders / mixologists make a mean cocktail ! everything i 've ever tried there has been absolutely delicious and aesthetically pleasing . because who wants a crappy looking cocktail?\n\nthis gem of a bar is located in downtown las vegas and every time i 'm in town i stop by as much as possibly . sometimes twice in one day . super excited for our next trip !"
0 i keep hearing great comments about this place and since i love tortas decided to give it a try . walk in place thinking will be a fast way to take dinner home but oh boy i was wrong!!!!. i waited there for like 20 minutes by cashier to place my order and a waiter came and went but never even asked me if i needed help . so i decided to leave . the most disappointment part was that place was n't even full . in fact only one table with a couple was occupied . i 'd never went back and do not intent to do so . i 'm giving it one star because i did n't try food and it does n't let me post review without it . :/
1 "went back , still perfect service and staff , still great food , still huge rooms for a fair price . love the walking trails . going back again !"
1 "we decided to try out ruth 's chris during restaurant week and it was pretty darn good . under normal circumstances i ca n't justify spending $ 100 + on a meal for two people but during restaurant week we were able to get amazing food for almost half the cost.\n\nthe customer service was excellent ! they provide free valet and the hostess checked our coats as we walked in the door . we had to wait an extra 20 minutes on our table even with a reservation , but that can probably be attributed to restaurant week . our server was outstanding as they usually are for upscale restaurants.\n\nthe restaurant week menu is limited but all i wanted was a filet so i was totally satisfied with the options . the steak was perfectly cooked and each bite melted in my mouth ! so delicious ! we ordered a side of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes which were also quite good . the chocolate sin cake dessert is more like a dark chocolate slice of fudge or flourless cake . it was very good but not quite what i was expecting.\n\nthis is a great place to go to celebrate a special occasion , or if you just do n't mind spending a little extra money for a nice meal ."
0 the only thing i really remember about this restaurant is how much i paid and how hungry i was when i left ! there are two things that i enjoyed about this restaurant ... hence the two stars.\n1 . the tuna pizza with truffle oil yum!\n and\n2 . the view of the bellagio water show from the restaurant .
0 "honestly , the worst service i have ever had at a restaurant in las vegas . i have lived here for 12 years and this was the first time i made it out to lake las vegas . i am so disappointed . the prices are unreasonable for the amount of food you get and for a tapas place they are slow . it took us two hours before we got our food and some items were missing . granted the food is amazing , it was just absolutely ridiculous with the service ."
0 southwest people suck they did n't let me in when i was right at the door and it was still 10 mins before boarding time . they were too rude and lazy to do their job and let the passengers make their flight . even their lost and found crew ca n't even do their jobs right in finding lost items because they said they do n't throughly clean their planes after each service . i ca n't believe how rude the crew is and i will make sure a lot of people do n't either .
0 "do not go here ! ! i just moved into town and was recommend to this dentist . it started off great , the receptionist tina was helpful and informative . when i was taken back to get x - rays i was surprised to see the frowning faces of the tech and the dentist . x - rays were taken by the tech and the tech also did my cleaning . it was the worst cleaning ever ! ! ! she basically just brushed my teeth . my 3 year old could have done a better job . when finished the tech did n't say a word to me . i just sat in the chair thinking the doctor was going to come out to talk to me , but instead the recptionist tina came to talk to me about my x - rays , payment plan , insurance coverages , etc . where is the dentist ? i turned around and there she was in her office watching a show / movie on her laptop . poor , poor customer service . i never went back to get any work done . i tried to retrieve copies of my x - rays which were paid by my insurance but was told the patient has a $ 20 fee . wtf . i am furious ! !"
0 "customer service = none\nmost of the reviews on yelp seems to be by their own staff members . obviously , if you been in this store dress is regular clothes and not a cyclist , they tend to ignore you . seriously , go there to be ignore , while you check out bicycles that are over $ 1000 . what is the difference between them , no idea . no one will help you in the store . the only person that talk to me was another customer , that they ignored . hope this place shut down , what a horrible place ."
0 "we had n't been to macayo 's for awhile and i remember them being better than last night . both of our foods , bean burro and chimi , were completely tasteless . probably the worst burro or burrito i 've ever had . although , our server was great and the tortilla soup was good . we usually have mexican food 2 - 3 times a month and with how many mexican restaurants there are , we have many to choose from and macayo 's will not be one we return to ."
0 "i 've been a member for over 2 years now . at first , i loved the change from the usual local gym . the instructors were awesome ! they were happy and amazing . however the past 6 months or so , the studio has lost it 's appeal . and the soap in the bathrooms . wth , is n't that a health code violation ? ! the signs that are up asking for tips to keep the instructors are also tacky . too bad too . this was a perfect location and atmosphere ."
0 everytime i visit there i wait at least 45 minutes before i make it through the waiting room door . dr. arnold has removed cancer from me twice . this last time i waited for 90 minutes and never made it through the door . three other people who were there before me were still waiting . he gets high marks in skill . his office staff rates a zero for overbooking and rudeness . his bedside manner could use improving but his skill level outweighs that . his skill level does not excuse the length of time waiting . doctor you are fired !
1 "visited here awhile back . was a nice experience , first time to visit . very good art museum and gardens to compliment the views ."
1 "this review is for the deli and prepared foods area . we all know the store is amazing for groceries ... :) \n\nfor lunch the other day i had a turkey and avocado sandwich on wheat . bread was very fresh , turkey was flavorful ( and because it 's whole foods ... healthy ! ) , all my \""extras\ "" were also fresh . i probably should have saved the other half for dinner . oh well , that is what the gym is for.\n\ni also got a root beer float . yes , i know , calorie nightmare . but it was priced just right , and the ice cream looked so tasty and lonely in that case . it was begging for me to adopt it as my very own . needless to say i enjoyed my float . also very cool that the root beer was dispensed from a cool old fashion beer tap looking thingy . \n\ncan't wait to have lunch here again , sans float :)"
1 "this restaurant had been on my radar ever since i got back to madison for the summer , and i 'm so glad i got to try it before i left ! it was definitely refreshing to see such an authentic chinese restaurant pop up downtown , and i 'm sad that i wo n't be around to see how the business continues to grow.\n\ni ordered the bbq pork ( cha siu ) rice bowl , which came with a side of boiled bok choy . it definitely satisfied a craving i 'd had all summer for traditional chinese cuisine ! ! although the best part of the rice bowl was definitely the sauce that was drizzled over the bbq pork and the rice , i enjoyed how everything went together.\n\nthey also have a variety of ' street food ' style appetizer items , such as congee , bbq pork / beef / chicken on a stick , and chinese doughnut . \n\nhong kong station is definitely one of the better chinese restaurants in the area , although i do believe that they could use a few big improvements : 1 ) complimentary hot tea , which is pretty commonplace at any decent chinese restaurant ; 2 ) servers / hostesses who can speak better english - way too much got lost in translation when we were ordering our meal , i was almost afraid that our orders were going to come out all wrong - this was particularly important to me because we had one vegetarian dining companion ; 3 ) ix - nay on the gaudy decor - i get that they are going for a ' hole - in - the - wall'/'dive - y ' type of appeal , but it just made the place look cramped . with these changes , it is easy to see hk station becoming a madison favorite ! :)"
1 so my second experience was alot better!i did come hungry and i ordered one of my go to breakfast items i eat which is chicken fried steak and eggs with country potatoes . they have redeemed themself and i enjoyed a great meal with great service . i'll be back to have this again
0 its an interesting location . the food was quite average . the service was good and friendly . they also had their own brew . i tried the sampler and i thought the stout sucked.\n\nits an ok place .
1 "been coming here for the past couple months since i moved into the neighborhood . \n\noverall food is a good deal for the price . everything is fresh and good quality . chicken skewers can be quite dry , so i would opt for the roasted chicken entree or the pomegranate chicken . \n\nseems that a lot of people on here are complaining about the sauces . every mediterranean restaurant has their own style , so if you are expecting humus like you buy in the store , then do n't . yes , their humus is a bit less thick than what most are used to , and their satziki sauce has a lot of garlic . but everything is homemade ! try telling your mom to modify her family recipe to match a store brand . psh!\n\none of the staff forgot to include part of my order when i came to collect it , but they redeemed themselves by being overly apologetic and giving me a box of free cookies . also , they have a rewards card as well . i 'm a fan of any place that does this !"
1 "i would say one of the best hotels in vegas . the detail in the design of this hotel is excellent . it 's connected to the palazzo which makes it convenient . not too far from wynn and encore where the best clubs are at . tao nightclub is located at the venetian , pretty nice and big club . it 's a club most people want to visit at least once . the pool at the venetian is fun . they have tao beach in the corner that is kind of like a day club at the pool . so many places to shop here so bring some money!\n\nwe stayed in a regular king bedroom . i do n't see a difference in getting a bigger suite since all their rooms are considered suites . you are n't even in the room all day anyways . the room was real comfortable . great size restroom , with two sinks and a sitting area with a mirror to get ready . beds were comfy . i had no problem with this place ."
1 "the service is great and speedy . i 've been impressed with how clean the restaurant is , and the quality of food is outstanding ."
0 we expected this to be an abba review and they mixed it with other songs . the chairs are all on the same level so you ca n't see past the person in front of you even though the stage is raised . the songs were not done well at all but the performers i feel did give 110 % . the performance was a real dissapointment and they had several people who walked out in the middle . there are a lot of better shows on the strip than this one like jersey boys .
0 this is always hit and miss . i just went and got the works and added leather treatment . my car was dirtier then when i dropped it off . i was one of two cars and 12 employees . not pleased .
0 "i experience better and also better flavored pizza my pizza was cold and they did he did but they did n't do a very good job the young lady behind the counter had a bad attitude like she did n't want to be there i was having a bad day either which way the person behind the counter should always treat every customer like a new page in a book i do n't feel the attitude was there not very many places to sit if you just want a quick bite they do have a full seating area but not for something real quick it seems like they have a no smoking in this restaurant which is a great thing but then they just stand around outside by the door and all the smoke rolls back in , definitely will not be back in less the attitudes change but i would never know because i 'm not coming back ."
1 "no bs just good steaks . the only down is that their wine by the glass is pretty lacking ... nothing really old world that worked.\n\nbut , great service , classy feel , and provides some much need value to the vegas restaurant scene . i would definitely go again ."
0 "so if you are thinking family style , you are wrong . the food was n't bad . like any other asian place . over priced for the portion . would not come back . left hungry . oh and drinks are $ 4 and you do n't get refills ."
0 "maybe i 'm just weird , but i like good sushi . this place is okay ... but seriously , it 's overpriced compared to other places where you can have good quality sushi in las vegas / henderson . i think they jacked up the prices because it 's in town square . town square my ass , i mean it 's only old navy a few doors down ... not tiffany 's . oh but yogurtland is next door , so you can treat yourself to that and make yourself feel better for paying for overpriced fish ."
1 i love this place . \n\ngreat drinks\ngood food\nhuge portions\n\na great place for small group as the servings are made more for a family style service than an entree . \n\ni love it . !
0 "i was rushed the moment i got in the door . i ordered a bbq beef brisket sandwich , which was good , but the fries which were skinny and crispy had potential , but were cold and overcooked . the waitress definitely wanted to be somewhere else , was not inviting environment , so will definitely shoot for another place next time in pittsburgh , although the city as a whole is awesome !"
0 "i was so hyped up to try this restaurant ! just went last to las vegas for the very first time ever to celebrate my birthday . and the last day there which was last sunday . i wanted to try out bartolotta ristorante di mare . i did some research about the best restaurants in vegas to try and they always came up and then when i saw the pictures i thought it was beautiful . and the prices looked reasonable so i thought this is a good choice . but then when we get there , it was so odd . no one was there . i mean the only people that looked like was a waiter & the greeter person that escorts you to your seat . other than that , there were no customers whatsoever . something about that seemed so strange to me . i almost thought they were closed at first . that s how vacant it was . and the two workers that were in there , were looking at us so desperately like they wanted us to come in so badly so they 'd get some business . but we left , because something about a vacant restaurant in the middle of the day it was around 4 pm in the afternoon . something about that seemed strange . to make a long story short , we left and ended up eating at tao at the venetian . and they were delicious and had customers . what s going on with you bartolotta ? why no customers in the middle of the day ?"
1 decent drinks + chill atmosphere + irish nachos ( oh god yes ) + lack of sketchy people grinding on you = win .
1 "what a great find ! we started with two mega tater tots - which were awesome and a pickle plate . the pickle plate had everything on it from actual pickles to onions , eggs , beets and mushrooms . very yummy . i had a \""dump truck\ "" salad - i guess they call it that because everything is dumped in it . delicious . for the main course i ordered the pot roast sammy minus the bread , so they served it in a cast iron pan . it was just great , huge portions . my husband enjoyed the beer selection and a juicy cheeseburger . the service was excellent , the restaurant was clean and everyone was friendly . we will return !"
0 ok went and ordered the humus which i found bland and the kids chicken and cheese queseadilla which is probley the best thing i have had
1 "awesome dim sum . the dim sum comes all around on the carts . you ask what you want and they give it to you . very fresh and clean . kind service always . i never had a mistaken order here . best dim sum in the world . always new things to try , freaky stuff that is . dim sum is only on weekends and occasions i believe ."
1 "big fan of mesa grill , especially for lunch . \n\ntheir menu is very reasonably priced for a fancy casino restaurant and although their menu is n't extremely extensive , they have quite a few dishes to choose from . on this occasion , i shared a mesa burger and a swordfish club with fellow yelper . the burger was extremely moist and delicious . this was lunch date 's favorite dish . the sandwich was really good . filled with tons of avocado , bacon and swordfish between two ( slightly too thick ) slices of bread . the french fries were perfectly seasoned.\n\nwe finished our meal with a slice of coconut cake and the mango rum upside down cake . both were fantastic as well.\n\nservice was great . our glasses never went unfilled and the waitstaff was extremely attentive . i highly recommend this place ."
0 "food was not good . wife said the chicken tacos tasted horrible . cheese enchilada tasted like dirt . the bean burrito was ok but i had them add sour cream and guacamole . the prices were way too high for this low quality of food . i should have known better than to eat here when i saw they do n't accept credit cards . when an owner is too cheap to pay visa / mastercard 2 % of a transaction , you know they are going to be cheap with the food quality too ."
1 the roasted winter vegetable salad was amazingly delicious . sooo much yum . we also got the rosemary potatoes pizza which was also good .
0 "first had this when i first came to the university . \n\nthe gyro is too salty for my tastes , although quite affordable . \n\nthe gyro plates tastes ok , but the gyro themselves are again too salty . it is also quite expensive for a plate . \n\noverall not the best greek restaurant"
0 "again this review is not about show but how you get treated with general admission ticket . i arrived at show 45 min before show opens with general admission ticket . still got last seat . seating arrangement in back for general admission ticket is flat , so if some one is seating in front of you ( which off course many people will ) you wo n't see a thing . it was waste of money and time . will never go again there ."
1 "this is a nice place to stop in for drinks , especially if you 've been to a show or concert here . the hand crafted cocktails are exquisite . try the mac and cheese it 's excellent . i did also tried the lobster corn dogs , they were ok but not worth the price ."
1 "outstanding food and wonderful ambience with a spectacular view of the vegas strip and planes arriving in vegas . particularly good for dinner , but worth stopping in for a business lunch as well ."
0 we have been here several times but today was the worst yet and we are removing it from our list . the butterscotch ice cream was uneatable ... pure sugar and just disgusting . the waffle cone was stale and all this for 4$+ . we threw it out after only 3 spoonfuls . stay away from this place and do n't support the sugar lobby .
0 "as i sit here , sandwich done , i am currently waiting on a milkshake that has gone unnoticed on their clothespin line they use to slide orders down on . their system involves paper bags customers mark with their order , each type of sandwich having their own bag and toppings . each sandwich type is numbered and the bag holders are numbered accordingly . we used the suspend and ordered two combos totaling 18 bucks . damn . \n\nthe staff looks flustered , almost as if training was thrown out the window and the manager figured that they 'd figure it all out on their own . subway has a better system and that 's saying something . we waited and our names were called out for our orders . \n\nthe sandwiches are in subway type rolls , wrapped in those old fashioned silver hamburger papers and parchment with their logo . they come warm , which is fine . the bread is good but the meat and toppings are just okay . in all honesty i was shocked that my sandwich only had two large slices of turkey sandwich meat . weird . i chose the cranberry and stuffing version , one i learned to love from another sandwich store . it was okay . the blt comes with crumbled bacon , although strange it tasted like a blt . \n\noverall , i think because they 're new the kinks are still being worked out . i hope that when i return in 6 months the food and service improved ."
0 "taco tueaday ... cool , clean taco shop'ish atmosphere - good for those who are skittish of your typical taco ' slop shops ' . had two carne asada , one chicken and one al pastor . though all were fairly unremarkable the chicken and carne asada were by far my least favorite . very bland . bummed as a good buddy highly recommended . probably wo n't return ."
0 "i am a huge fan of cirque de soleil ( i loved la nouba , o , love ) and i was very excited to surprise my girlfriend and take her to see ka on her birthday . i read the yelp reviews and they were great , with most people saying this was their favorite show . i could not have been more dissapointed . we even had great seats ( in the middle , not too close not too far ) and the show was slow , boring and confusing . there were some decent fight scenes and some talented performers but overall it was incredibly boring . i ca n't beleive this was made by cirque de solieil and someone actually put it together and said yes this is what i want . there was a period of about 45 minutes in the middle where we almost fell asleep and wanted to walk out . the only reason we did n't is beacause i heard so many great things so i kept waiting for it to get better . it was a joke . we were in disbelief when it ended . i felt like i was robbed of my money . i had a locals discount of $ 130 for 2 tickets and i still felt robbed . i would n't have even enjoyed it if i paid $ 20 per ticket . it was that bad . seriously , i have always loved cirque de soleil shows but this one was so boring . there were hardly any acrobatics or anything that you could n't see in a b rated kung fu movie . the story was also confusing and made no sense . do n't waste your time or money . go see the beatles love show , o or even absinthe . they are all much better ."
1 "we had a lunch in this wonderful place . i was very happy with services , very tasty food , comfortable interior ... sooo i 'm going to back soon : ) thank you ! love italian food !"
1 "one of the things i noticed about avondale arizona is the abundance of chain restaurant establishments , especially north of i-10 off of dysart road . but if you venture on the south side of the 10 , you will come across tj 's . \n\ntj 's homestyle restaurant is about as un - chain as you will find in these parts . a true mom - and - pop diner that serves up meals that scream comfort . my experience here came on the morning i made my way back to california after nearly a week on the road in arizona visiting family . i can thank my brother and sister - in - law for taking me here on this morning visit . \n\narrived to a near empty restaurant and sat down and ordered up their ham and mushroom omelet which came with four golden pancakes . the omelet was simple and fresh and the pancakes were fluffy and reminded me of my grandmother 's pancakes ( just a little beyond golden brown ... but not burnt ) . the hot chocolate was out of this world good ... super chocolatey and smooth with the dollop of whipped cream on top . \n\nthe service is friendly but real cut and dry about things ... like \""tell me what you want and make it fast\ "" . i kind of like that about this place as it 's a real locals spot ( witnessed locals talking about family and life with the waitress and each other ) . i also found it amusing that the cook came out and observed our order being taken ... i guess he wants to make sure there 's no mistake or screw ups in between us and him . \n\navondale is lucky to have a place like this ... seriously ... with a town full of chain restaurants , tj 's gives avondale some much needed character when it comes to dining options ."
1 pure luxury . what i really love about this place is the seperation of the casino and the hotel .
0 "drink was fine , service was horrible from the start . the cashier ( her name was danielle ) did n't really seem to want to be there ( i can understand , but at least fake it ) and did n't make her customers a priority . the team leader was polite but did n't really seem to want to take care of us as customers . it took 20 - 30 minutes to make 3 cups of coffee . others who ordered after us received theirs first . i 'm not a coffee expert by any means but you could easily brew a few pots of coffee that would taste about the same for the same price and time duration . i would avoid this location . it would take the same amount of time to go to the starbucks at target in steele creek and you would receive a much better quality of service ."
0 this taco bell / kfc is famous for getting orders wrong and now they do n't participate in d backs promo ! sure would n't want us seniors ( whom are the majority of their business to get anything free !
0 only people in the place and the waitress messed up a simple order . chili verde was ok but not worth $ 11 . husband had chicken & cheese enchiladas and said they were bland .
1 "carne asada fries ! fully loaded nachos ! the grande breakfast burrito ! these are the awesome things we get and split between myself , the husband , and a 3 and 1 year old . it 's more than enough food to satisfy all of our appetites as well as any mexican food craving . i totally dig the salsa as well . it 's nice to go somewhere and feed an entire family for around $ 10 ... and that includes a delicious horchata ."
0 "this happened on the morning of september 25th , 2011 around 2 am . if you want to be handcuffed , thrown against the wall and the floor behind closed doors and then thrown on the street ... then this is the place for you . the gangster vegas is still alive my friends , it has n't changed , well at least at the wynn ... maybe they were going for that throwback feel . here 's my story : i contact a promoter by the name of luis deleon , super nice guy by the way , he gets my friend and i a table right next to the dj booth ( table 708 or 780 ) in tryst at the wynn . things are going great we got in right away . before going in i stop for a second to say hi to the doorman , ryan , i met him the other day when i went to the sane club 2 nights previous , he was also a nice guy but that 's where the niceness stops . so i 'm at my table now , i spend 600 dollars on a bottle of vodka and my friend i are having a good time .. dj spider is up on stage doing his thing , working the crowd and mixing an amazing run of tracks ! ! my friend and i invite this couple up ( andrew and jessica ) to help us drink all this vodka , we start talking cars and nightlife in vegas just normal stuff and then we realize ... there 's no more vodka ! ! ! let 's buy a bottle of rum , so i drop another 600 dollars on that . the bottle comes and we start drinking and dancing some more . i 'm now successfully drunk and getting tired .. but the nice thing is that i have a table .. my own little area so i sit down and fall asleep , now usually sleeping in a club is a no no , but i have a table and my own area , i should be able to close my eyes for a second , i mean by this time it 's only 1:30 in the morning and the club stays open till 5 . i still have a good three hours to party . so , i 'm awoken by 2 security guards that tell me i have to leave , i say , \""no , i paid a lot of money to sit here and plus i just but this basically full bottle of rum\ "" . they picked me up forcefully and started pushing me out , i 'm resisting a bit but what they did next was way out of line ! they handcuffed me , took me to some long hallway where there was no one , pushed me on the ground and against the wall and basically manhandled me , i said , \""you guys want to beat me up while i 'm handcuffed ? take them off and let 's do this ! let 's make this a fair fight , so first i 'm gon na beat you up ( i point at one of the 3 security guards there .. the one that was the most forceful and aggressive with me ) then you , and you over there .. i guess you 'll end up in the icu!\ "" now on retrospect i know i should n't of said that but i was drunk and just got beat up by three guys in an unfair fight . the first guy i pointed at said , \""how about i put you on the vip list at drais and i 'll meet you there when i get off\"" ... \""sounds good to me!!\ "" he took out his phone and put me on there and said .. \""see you there\ "" they then took me to some door , to off the handcuffs and pushed me out on to the sidewalk . so to sum up things , they basically kicked me out of the club but decided to beat me up first . thanks tryst ! in the morning i woke up with bumps all over my head from where it hit the wall and ground , a black eye , a big bruise on my face , and handcuff bruises because they were on so tight . basically i would n't recommend this place"
1 "so this place is a diner and you get what you would expect , burgers , chicken fried steak , breakfast all day , and of course shakes . ca n't complain if that 's what you 're looking for . it 's a great place for families with kids ."
0 "have to agree with chad here ... the parking lot around this location is a nightmare . the whole point of drive - thru is convenience , but when you have to weave around the parking lot to get in and out , there is something wrong.\n\nmost visits here are pretty quick ... this last one was a long ( insert expletive here ) wait . luckily i was n't in a rush , but you would think the employees should be ... the guy running the food out to the parking space that i had to occupy while waiting just strolled up and then said , \""sorry for your wait\ "" in a mocking tone . i was just glad that something finally came out ... \n\nit'll probably be a while before i try this mcdonald 's again ."
0 "i have been going to gibbys ( bts ) for almost 3 years now 2011 . i have always brought friends there for the great food and cheap drinks . one of my selling point was always the awesome large meaty wings . \n\ntoday i was shock to see my order in front of me , tiny pathetic looking wings . i can only imagine this was some cost cutting tactic . . they even put the wings in a smaller basket to make them look larger . \n\nwithout quality food i can not reccomend this bar any longer , it has only been downhill the last year ."
1 "there 's this used music shop back in my hometown in ny where i would go every couple of weeks to see what cds they got in and what not . i have n't found a similar place until we walked into lunchbox records . not only did they have cheaper cds , but they actually had vinyl albums , something we rarely see outside of a garage sale . \n\nthe selection is decently organized alphabetically . thankfully they have the new and used music separated and clearly labeled so you know exactly which section to search through . i tackled the used cds while the miss ' went after the albums and i was impressed with the prices of the used stuff . the cds seem to go for an average of $ 4 - 5 and my wife picked up three vinyls for $ 5 each . the vinyls were all in great condition , scratch - free and played beautifully when we popped them in the record player at home.\n\nthe only reason i give lunchbox four stars is due to the parking situation . there are no parking spaces in front and apparently the lots on the side of the building are vigilantly guarded by the other stores who will report squatters . we ended up parking across the street in the huge family dollar lot and then ran across central avenue . not the most ideal situation , but totally worth it if you want to spend some time perusing for some cheap tunes ."
0 "this place has great potential but the execution is all wrong . there 's an outside and an inside , outside has a pool that had these really pretty floating light up orbs in it . there 's a bar outside and a bar inside . that 's good ! : ) \n\nthey allow men to dress in shambles at this place . sneakers and golf shirts , shorts and flip flops . i 'm supposed to swoon at this ? blah . every girls crazy about a sharp dressed man . \n\nif you are going to allow that then make a night swim party , you got a pool make it like some of the poolside clubs in miami . throw on a coverup and a bikini and swim till late in the night . i got in free , guy friend even though he was a local , had to pay a whopping $ 10 . \n\ndancers were tight and some of the cocktail servers were looking good , but the vip table chicks had on jorts and like knee high socks and sneakers ? ? ? ? wtf ? i do n't even wear that to the beach it was a mess . does not represent an upscale club in vegas and definitely not at night.\n\nwe stayed for one drink then left.\n\nget a theme and stick to it and make the dress code consistent ."
1 "awesome food ! we went a month or so ago for our anniversary for a steak dinner in the dining room and came back today for happy hour in the bar . they serve my favorite onion rings with a delicious and unique asian inspired dipping sauce . of course , the steaks are also great as are their hamburgers which are only $ 7 during happy hour . i would pass on the seafood.\n\nlove that they went all out with \ "" happy anniversary\ "" confetti to make celebrating such an occasion so much more special ."
0 "this club blows big time , even though it 's still pretty new . it 's nice inside ( nice compared to my local clubs ) and that it 's quite easy for girls to get in for free . also , there are n't lines for the bathroom , and the go - go dancers are pretty hot . the music was pretty good as well - i could dance to most , if not all , of it ! why does this place blow , you ask ? well let me count the ways.\n\n1 . bouncers outside are horrible - first time i tried going in here , a bouncer asked me if i spoke english , because i was trying to decide if i wanted to ditch my guyfriends to get in for free . did n't go in because i said \""@&$% this club - i 'm going to xs tomorrow!\ "" and left.\n\n2 . bouncers inside are asinine . they keep shuffling through huge groups for no reason ! they keep telling my friends and i to move aside , or they walk right in between us dancing . just because you have a flashlight that you like to play lightshows with does n't mean you ca n't walk behind us when clearly , there 's a bunch of space behind us . stop walking in between us , pushing us - i would rather not be touched by you every time you want to walk in between us girls . reminds me of the pathetic staff and faculty we had back at high school dances because my friends \""got low\"".\n\n3 . line for re - entry and you need to get a printed paper saying how many are in your group . this is totally bogus - they stamp you for a reason , so that it 's easier to get in . thanks for killing more trees , haze.\n\n3 . music was decent the july 4th weekend ( better than xs the following night - strange , is n't it ? ) , but there are way too many predators / creepers here . guys grabbing my waist , trying to grab my hand , accidentally grazing my derriere , etc . also , some guy was jumping all around and scraped my ankle with his sneakers . no thanks.\n\n4 . $ 40 + for guys , seriously ? ! and they separate the girls from the guys . guys , just go to xs where the ladies are hotter ( beach nights , anyone ? ) and you either pay $ 30 for cover or can potentially get in for free.\n\n5 . drinks were splashing everywhere . come on , people - do n't carry your drinks onto the dance floor ! it 's that simple ! you 'll just waste $ 20 and only get a tiny sip of it before it spills or slips out of your hand.\n\nsorry haze , you are no bueno . ; /"
1 "they have all my camera needs . the staff is always helpful and knowledgable . there are only so many camera stores in vegas and this is one of the last authentic places that still exists . the staff is mostly comprised of older individuals and it 's always a trip when i go there . the last time i went in , some customers and the staff were having a \""i'm so old i can remember\ "" contest . this totally made my day . in all seriousness , i would direct anyone who needed camera stuff here , rather than best buy or fry 's or something ."
0 the pizza was overall ok . the crust was n't done enough and was extremely doughy ! ! i enjoyed the flavor of the sauce but my daughter thought it had too much sauce on it . they delivered very quickly ( less than 30 minutes for a large pizza ) and the price was very reasonable but i would not order from here again .
1 "i really like this place . it is in a good location , clean store , and nice people . they also have a good selection of games , mostly the popular stuff , but if you dig deep you can find some hidden treasures ."
0 "analogy for this hotel\nexterior is to fancy as room is to ugly.\n\nthis is a really outdated hotel here on the strip . be aware that this hotel was built in 1999.since then , they never renovated their level entry rooms , even up to 2014.really ugly hotel!\ni did n't like it because of its cheap furniture . this is one of the cheap european - themed hotels . they did n't have a flat - screen television in 2012(for cheapest room)they use the huge boxed crt televisions . even luxor(bad hotel)has a flat screen television . do n't stay here unless it 's free . step up this crappy hotel!this hotel is worse than monte carlo(check my review on that).\n\n*you may be thinking european - themed hotels are \""high classed\"".well not this one!!when i entered the hallway to my room , i had a bad impression already because of the ugly decor and cheap furniture . stay away from this low - end hotel . ugly , cheap , crappy , low ended , bad , horrible , horrendous hotel!!the cheapness to keep this hotel outdated for 14 years is unacceptable!\nstay away from this \""low class\ "" resort!this is one of the hotels that tries too hard be something fancy . but since you are paying a low price for this shit , everything is cheap.\n\ntip for hotel companies : cheap hotels should never try to be fancy , keep it simple.\n\ngo to caesar 's palace , more high classed than this hotel . :)"
0 "for my birthday i decided to get my industrial piercing in my left ear . so i went to the shop and they quoted me a price that was a little expensive but i was excited so i got it anyways . during the piercing , i passed out ( no idea why ) . the piercing was n't painful or anything . also note that the passing out had nothing to do with the shop . but anyways after we finished , i was a little light headed so i asked to sit down an 3 minutes later he said they were closing and i had to leave . mind you that this was 5 pm on a friday . they close at like 2 am . i was being generous and gave them two stars because the piercing came out fine ."
1 "i have to admit , that , over the years , my love of chinese food has waned . i 'm just not used to eating such heavy food anymore and for the most part have replaced chinese restaurants with vietnamese and thai ( though there 's no comparison between the latter and chinese ) . however , after reading the reviews on here , which said this restaurant was the closest thing to the nyc version , i could n't resist trying it . having grown up on long island , i had my fair share of chinese restaurants and i , too , think the best in the country are to be found there ( and , to a lesser extent , san francisco).\n\nthe star of this place is the pu - pu platter . hands down the best for a mere $ 9.90 for two people . spare ribs with plenty of meat on them ; large -- but albeit greasy -- egg rolls ; skewered meats that in no way resemble most of the pu - pu platters in the valley , where , if you 're lucky , your skewered meat and ribs will resemble something some other customer ate 80 % of the way through and was kept out of the garbage to be put into some poor schmuck 's order the next day ( and that 's if you 're lucky ; do n't ask what it 'll look and taste like , if you are n't ! ) . \n\nthe hot n sour soup certainly does n't skimp on meat and other additions to it . but while it was good , it did n't wow me . for the main dishes , we had kung pao three and the emperor chicken . both were a bit salty , but that was our fault : we do n't use salt at home , so --- as you 've read in my other reviews --- we should 've remembered to say \""no msg or salt , please!\ "" other than that , big portions ; big pieces of meat . just be aware that , unlike kung pao dishes , the emperor chicken has no vegetables in it ( if that 's important to you).\n\nservice was stellar and i had no problems leaving a 20 % tip on the total ( subtotal and tax combined ) . the server was friendly and gave lots of advice . in fact , i would describe her , too , as being typical new york : we can be very standoffish ; but once we get to know someone or want to get to know someone , we can be very familiar and overly -- but genuinely -- friendly very quickly.\n\nthe restaurant is very well lit , but not obnoxiously so . i do n't know why -- no doubt some personal , buried memory -- but well - lit chinese restaurants always remind me of the christmas holidays , so it felt warm and comfortable to be in so well - lit a restaurant.\n\noverall , while the food -- with the exception of the pu - pu platter -- did n't wow us , this place definitely ranks up there in the best of chinese restaurants in the valley . well worth the drive from goodyear and its \""late\ "" hours are an absolute godsend in a \""city\ "" where most restaurants close down by 8 pm or 9 pm , even on a saturday !"
1 i spoke with shawn on the phone about cleaning my apartment 's two bedrooms . i clean my carpets every year and have received some poor cleanings in the past . i decided to call these guys and was thoroughly impressed by their professionalism and timeliness . they were accommodating and worked around my schedule . aaron showed up on time and did a fantastic job . they use only high quality materials which made my carpets cleaner then they have in years . i am going to be a customer in the future with them .
0 "i know it would be wrongheaded to expect a great burrito from a bar and maybe i should not have ordered it . the burrito was not good . it was more of a vegetable wrap . my date did n't take the burrito detour and ordered a wrap directly . it was a lonely little thing in a plastic basket . she described it as \""good , not great.\ "" but these facts alone do not earn this restaurants two stars . mortimer 's gets this rating because they served dinner , on a friday night , with plastic silverware . no points awarded for how amazingly close an approximation to real , shiny silverware these plastic forks and knives provided . \n\nthe food quality , the cramped quarters , and yes , the plastic silverware all gave me the impression that i was dining on an airplane ."
0 "the last time i was here we had a big group and so the slower service made sense . but today it 's just me and my friend . we asked if the bar was open seating and they said no . the hostess passed us over because she ca n't confirm what she heard . in the meantime people just walked up and sat at the bar . great .... so we did the same . the problem is understaffing and mis - staffing . the bar guy is responsible for so much that he 's super busy but others are standing around laughing , not rushing and most importantly not helping out . the food was decent but nothing special . the bacon of course is outstanding but the little things are missed ."
1 "their best roll is the oishii . it 's probably my favorite roll in the pittsburgh area . the place is reasonably priced and the food overall is of a high quality . it 's a very casual place , however and it 's located near the university of pittsburgh in oakland . parking can be a little tough , but there is a small metered parking lot near by ."
1 "planet sub is great ! definitely stop in if you 're sick of your usual sub shop . tons of interesting menu items , including a from the sea section , and some low carb options . the staff is very friendly and welcoming . i had the mega roast beef sandwich , and the greek wrap on two different days , and both were amazingly delicious . they offer the option to toast your sandwiches , and both times i had them toasted , and they were perfect - warm and not too crunchy . the prices are good , and they also do a great job in making party trays . this location will be introducing breakfasts very soon ."
0 "i 've gone to the diamond an many occasions , and it has always been spotty . one visit terrible , one visit pretty good , but never great . after my visit this past weekend , i guess i 'm calling it quits . the bottom line is that it 's not worth going to a place when the odds are the service and food will sorely disappoint . \n\nwe had two people visiting from out of town , and forgot dish was closed , so we figured \""hey , the diamond was n't too bad last time , let 's go there.\ "" luckily , there was no wait , the four of us sat down , asked what the specials were and it turned out they were out of the specials . two of us then ordered the black bean burger . they were out of that too . we got some other stuff , and a starter of fried pickles , which were okay . my friend asked the waiter if the tomatoes were fresh , because she was thinking about a blt . the waiter seemed offended and gave a dismissive , \""yes.\ "" then we waited and waited for the food . it took way too long to come out.\n\nwe finally got our dishes . i was okay with mine , but everyone else was very disappointed . it was as if diamond shops for the absolute bottom - rung ingredients . if you put a salad on a menu , it should be at least somewhat appetizing . the small block burger was a sad , ugly thing . the tomatoes were hard and without much flavor . one person at our table referred to the general quality of the food as \""disgusting.\ "" i was embarrassed to have brought friends there.\n\nthe take - away lesson here is that it 's great to be a local institution . it 's great to have cool decor and a loyal clientele . but if you 're a restaurant , it 's still all about the food for most of your patrons . you need to have quality food . and do n't think you can get away with serving mediocre grub just because you call yourself a diner . especially when you 're charging $ 9 or more for some plates . a lot of real diners serve superior food at half the price.\n\nso the diamond is still a great place to get a drink , but they 've got to overhaul nearly everything when it comes to their food ."
0 "i called for a pizza for take out . i was told it would be 45 minutes ! too long . the pizza crust & sauce has no taste ! ! toppings were sparse . sorry to say that \""pizza hut\ "" would beat this place with no problem . when i walked in to pick up the pizza , i saw a server cutting up a loaf of \""burnt\ "" bread to deliver to the people eating inside the restaurant . we will not be back . no taste sause .... just like don antonio 's ."
1 "my first experience ordering from them was great ! as people have said the wings are fantastic . if you are looking for a place to order pizza from and good wings are a must then i definitely recommend il primo . the pizza , although perhaps not quite spectacular , was also good and better than we expected . the delivery time was fair and the delivery guy himself was quite personable . i am sure we will order from them again , because we could n't get enough of those wings !"
0 "went there for lunch on july 12 on the 2 for 1 the hotel gave us . pizza was ok and ribs were pretty good . other than that nothing stood out . many things were edible , but not a lot of flavor including the pasta bar where they make it for you . go elsewhere this one is a dud !"
1 "i eat from here at least once a month , and i absolutely love their souvlaki plate . the portions are huge and the prices more than reasonable . the place itself is small and always busy , which is why i usually take my food to go . the employees are all very friendly and promote a great family atmosphere for casual dining . i would definitely recommend this place !"
0 "bad food , buffet is for $ 14 and my statement had a charge of $ 20 , my friend had the same charge . \nfood was cold and not indian"
0 if i could give this place a negative star i would ! i have been coming here for years the service is has done a nose dive in the ground ! ! ! ! the service has is horrible now ! went there for take out when i got home the order was completely wrong the one thing they did get right was cold ! i called let them know what was my order was incorrect and went back to wait another 15 minutes for them to correct it . i told them that part of my order was cold and they said they would not replace it because it was what i ordered and there was nothing wrong with the food it was just cold . the manger or what they hired as a manger said she could reheat my food and to replace it would cost them money to replace it . i asked for a refund and she was not going to give me my money back . finally she went into the back and asked some other person what to do which he seemed to have so sort of customer service . he told her to give me a gift card for the amount of the of the food ! what i am going to do with a gift card to a place i am not coming back to ! ! ! when asked to speak with him she told me he was not the manger but yet he seemed to tell her what to do ! it 's a shame i expect this type of service from a large chain but not from a small business ! sad to say but i will not be returning and i will be telling others so they do n't get ripped off !
1 "i have found my new perfect work spot ! weird , you say , because this is a market ? but it 's not just a market , but a cafe as well ! they have a full coffee bar that reminds me of 21st street coffee down the street . they are , as well , serious about their coffee!\n\nyou can take a seat at many of the tables and enjoy a warm cup of chai , in my case , at least ! or grab lunch from their fresh and seasonal menu . i 've had a delicious pear salad , with candied walnuts and goat cheese . it was on the small side , so i 'd encourage you to grab a soup to go along with it . \n\nyou will probably notice the prices are not cheap . but that sort of thing comes with the territory of carrying local and fresh produce . i 'm really into all the varieties of products i 've never seen before . better yet , they look so good i usually have to buy them ( good job on their part ! ) . i 've found they have an awesome selection of lara bars and this certain grapefruit juice that is n't that sugary sweet crap you get from minute maid.\n\ni've still got a lot of ground to cover with ordering fresh meats and cheeses from their specialty counter . but i do n't doubt i 'll get to that ... after all , this is my new \""office.\ """
1 "ein uriger pub mit einer riesenauswahl an whiskies ( ca 200 offene flaschen ) . es gibt unter anderem traditionelles schottisches essen und die m\u00f6glichkeit , unterschiedliche \""whisky - men\u00fcs\ "" zu ordern . die bedienungen sind sehr freundlich . neben single malt gibt es auch eine recht gro\u00dfe auswahl an bieren . klare empfehlung , ein muss f\u00fcr jeden whisky - liebhaber"
0 buyer beware ! i purchased a living social deal for 3 endermologie visits . first appointment went fine . she collected my living social voucher and i gave her a $ 20 tip . the following appointments she did not show up ! she texted me that she ca n't make it 2 hours before a third try reschedule of my second appointment . debbie does not answer her phone or return calls promptly . i have called living social and requested a refund of my 2 missed appointments . i noticed that the bbb has several of the same complaints as i have here . i will not go back to this place . not professional in their dealings with clients .
0 do n't waste your time ! ! there are so many better options in the area . we ignored the yelp reviews and ended up regretting eating here .
1 "great place great service michelle is an amazing waitress , you will given great service for sure if you are fortunate enough to have her as your waitress !"
1 "there is no comparison . the first time i was here , i spent 2 whole days , opening to closing time trying to get through the store . i kid you not . now , i 'm better - i only take a day , 4 - 5 hours if i 'm in a rush . \n\nthey have sooo much clothes - it 's the forever 21 heaven here . it 's clean , spacious , and there are tons to choose from . bright side : there 's two floors ! it 's department store sized.\n\nthey have almost everything you see online , instead of only a limited selection . there 's a maternity section and a kids ' section here , as well . their accessories place is kind of limited , but oh well . \n\nthere are plenty of workers here who are pleasant , and ask if you 're doing okay . cashiers are , so far , the most harried and impatient / surly people everr.\n\nthe only thing i do n't like about this place is their lack of fitting rooms . i think they have only 2 or 3 ever open , even though there are tons scattered throughout the store . this makes for longer lines , antsy people , and more of a hassle to get clothes back to racks . there are so many employees around , why not just open more fitting rooms to make it easier for them ( and us ! ) ? \n\nbut anyway , i really love this forever 21 . i always go to the fitting room several times ( with a full bag every time ) and , well , usually leave with a full shopping bag , too . great selection , great shopping . done ."
0 "do n't eat here . ever . or drink.\n\ni came here for dinner not long ago with friends , and there were so many things wrong with it i do n't know where to start . when the waitress finally brought our food after almost an hour , she dropped my caesar salad straight into my lap . although the replacement did arrive much quicker than the original , they did n't take anything off the bill , or give me a free drink or anything.\n\nthe food was n't worth waiting for , either . the bun that my friend 's burger came in was so stale i 'm fairly sure it would have smashed straight through the floor if the waitress had dropped that too . i actually found out afterwards that biblos was fined \u00a32000 last november for breaching hygiene regulations - i did n't believe it at first but a google search quickly proved that it is true!\n\ni'd like to say it 's still an ok place to go for drinks , but this is one of only two places in my life where i 've complained about how warm the white wine is , so i do n't think i 'd even suggest that.\n\nthe drinks are cheap though , and the d\u00e9cor is beautiful , although that 's probably just to distract your attention from what you 're eating and drinking ."
0 "i had lunch here and ordered linguine ai frutti di mare , trevi 's signature dish . i was not impressed at all . it was a tad bland and not worth the $ 28.95 price tag . service was okay , but server did n't stop back after serving the dish until it was time for the check . i 've had better pasta dishes from local chains and restaurants than trevi . i would n't recommend as a fantastic place to eat because i 'm sure there are some actual fantastic italian places in vegas ."
1 "le re've is probably my favorite show in vegas . the view is good no matter where you sit , and the whole show is breathtakingly beautiful.\n\nthere is a circular stage in the middle immersed in water , and the audience sits around the stage . the performers enter and exit from the water and the ceiling , and the moves the pull off are simply amazing!\n\nbiggest props are definitely to whoever choreographed / designed the show . they definitely went all out with their imagination but were still able to create it in real life.\n\nthis show is definitely on the pricier side , but , as cliche as it sounds , it 's worth every penny ."
0 "weird set up , boring ppl working there and limited choices .. but whatever we just wanted to grab a drink before our flight ."
1 "the owner came to my house to provide an estimate , so i was pretty confident his estimate would be accurate . he quoted 3 guys packing and moving , but on the move day , 5 guys ( including the owner ) showed up . they hustled the entire day but were very careful with all the furniture . they hooked up the washer and dryer and frig , moved a frig out to the garage and a washer / dryer back to my old house . very professional . definitely recommended ."
1 "i 'm from kansas city and i can tell you this is the best bbq in town hands down . i 've tried just about every bbq place in the valley the last 10 years that i 've lived here and nothing comes close . there beans , bbq sauce and meats are all top notch , but their pulled pork stands out above them all !"
1 "i started picking up books here for class , and began to really appreciate their other selections . certainly not a place to look for sarah palin 's autobiography - plus one star for that . they 've also got a cool rack of zines and a bunch of bumper stickers as well ."
1 "on the menus it said \""best brewery in nevada by the nevada brewing association\ "" or something similar . i believe it , the heff was amazing ! \n\nthe rest of the food was 5 stars as well , only overall the atmosphere was meh and casino - y . \n\nour group ordered the no - carb chicken , fish and chips ( 2 ) , a side of baked potato , and two sides of coleslaw . every single dish was top quality , as good as the best of any you 've had . baked potato was perfectly cooked , and the others ' dishes were large - portioned and delicious . everyone was sharing . \n\neven the waitress was super friendly and did n't talk too much , she seemed experienced and no - fuss . \n\nthe only downside was that we walked from the strip , and it was farther than it seemed ! !"
1 "lovely garden , spectacular views , great art collections , special events , live music , and good food makes this a beautiful place that needs to be visited and experienced many times . do n't forget your camera to capture the beautiful vistas and garden . check the website 's calendar for upcoming events and exhibits . the entrance fee is free but parking is not . i do n't know when is a good time to visit since it 's always busy but worth the wait at the tram ."
1 "every once in a great while , you come across a place where , even after one visit , you know you 'll be back for more . i 'm sitting in the restaurant now , and feel the way i did when i had a new crush in high school : giddy . \n\ni ca n't exactly place it ... maybe it 's the generous portion of crinkle cut fries made to perfection or the creamy cheese sauce drizzled all over them . maybe it was the fresh tasting burger , the lightly toasted sesame seed bun it came on , the cheddar cheese , or the special sauce that brought it all together . it 's one of those burgers where you take the first bite and ca n't put it down ... you do n't even want to stop to use the ketchup you brought to the table specifically for the burger ; it just disappears before you can realize what happened , and all you 're left with is the fun music and fresh , clean atmosphere as you sit in the restaurant , wowed , and fantasizing about the next time you 'll be back . \n\ni'm definitely coming back to try the italian beef and a shake . this place reminds me of home . do n't pass up an opportunity to have a great tasting burger for a reasonable price ."
1 "driving to vegas , you can definitely expect traffic . we had dinner reservations at 7:00 and there is a grace period of only 5 minutes . we ran there and got there at 7:04pm ! we asked the hostess if our reservation was still available and she said yes ! we were so excited we made it on time , yet after that , we had to wait because i heard the hostess mumbled to another girl that \""she totally forgot\ "" about our group -__- . how do you forget if people made reservations ? we had to wait about 5 minutes and was then seated . our waiters were attentive with our group of 8 people . this is a higher end than cheesecake factory and beware , when you look at the menu , it is massive which will make you very indecisive ! ! i was n't too hungry so i ordered the \n\ntomato and fresh mozzarella \ncherry tomatoes , garlic , mozzarella , fontina and parmesan cheeses . this was only $ 5.95 . i asked if they could add basil on it as well and they were kind enough to do that and it was the perfect size for little me!\n\nseafood salad \nlump crab , shrimp , avocado , tomato , corn , green beans , egg , celery and green onion over a bed of crisp romaine tossed with our \""louis\ "" dressing . i had some of my friends salad and this was super refreshing and filling!\n\npotato gnocchi with vodka sauce \nsimply delicious housemade gnocchi tossed in our creamy vodka sauce and fresh basil . omg this was delicious .... after a few bites ! i recommend ordering this but please share with all the people at your table ! it can get kind of sickening after a few bites because it is so rich!!\n\nasian pear martini \nabsolut vanilia vodka , pear , passion fruit and sake . great martini if you want something refreshing and sweet ! a little pricey though ... about $ 13.\n\noverall , great place to eat with a variety of choices ! ! \n\nnote:\n - opened late for all you drunkies ; ) \n-5 minute grace period if you happen to be a tad late"
1 "a delectable 5 course meal , elegant decor , wonderfully pleasant and attentive staff , and a front row view of the bellagio fountains- this is the life ... \n\ni dined that this restaurant for a romantic evening during my birthday trip to vegas with my boyfriend . this restaurant is spacious and takes full advantage of their location with large open windows and beautiful floral drapes.\n\nthe menu contains cantonese / hunan cuisine . my boyfriend and i noticed how meticulous their staff was- they were ery well organized and paid close attention to detail . the highlight of our meal was eating their fried rice and miso seabass . no words could possibly describe how savory it was ! both were carefully prepared and lightly seasoned to perfection . we ended our night with some sweet dessert riesling and split a delicious ( but small ) chocolate temptation right before our show at the mirage.\n\ndining here was one of my favorite vegas experiences . the ambiance is beautiful and their dinner menu(s ) are enough to get any foodie excited . be prepared to spend a good amount of money here ( this is vegas , after all).\n\nif you 're in town and want to treat someone special to a wonderful dinner , or if you just to bask in luxury at this fine upscale restaurant , then check it out . you wo n't be disappointed ."
0 "again , this is part of my comittment to try a restaurant 3 times before reviewing . my 3rd visit was this weekend and the feeling is still the same .... bocca is just another postino rip off , only with average pizza added to the menu . \n\nthe pizza is nothing special . the sandwiches are okay , but you can find better at a deli . beer list is decent . ( tripel karmaliete , yes ! ) \n\nbruschetta planks are just like the boards at postino . literally , only one was different ( pulled pork and pesto ) . you get more at postino and they cut them into halves at bocca while they are sliced into 4 pieced at postino so more people can try them.\n\n\nsimply put ... it 's decent for a spot on mill ave , but there is absolutely nothing special about this place . blaaaaah ."
1 "if you like brown , this is the place to hike.\n\ndid the gateway loop . counter clockwise . the first mile felt like it took forever . and i questioned only having one bottle of water for me and the wife . i was starting to think about sucking cactus juice . but once we got to the gateway saddle it was smooth sailing , cooler , greener , and less arid.\n\na good 3.6 mile hike that will take about 3 hours if you walk it at a decent clip ."
0 "terrible pad thai , smelled and tasted awful . the yellow curry was super runny and definitely not up to par with some of the other places around here . very disappointed . will not be returning ."
1 "we stumbled upon eduardo 's late on a sunday night when everything else on st. denis was closed . they were closed , too , but elisabeth the server took pity on us and seated us . this was a harbinger of our good fortune , as the food is superb . the vibe is cosy and sweet throughout . byow and there is a saq across the street on st. denis . we will be back ."
1 "parasol up is a circular lounge with delicious , amazing drinks near the lit - up trees by xs nightclub in the wynn , vegas . drink list : a+\n\nwe stumbled upon parasol up in search of a quick drink to start off a midday buzz and quickly became pleasantly surprised . it looks like a typical hotel lounge that could be in any one of the hotels on the strip , but their drink list is highly exceptional . when i order from drink lists at cocktail dens and wine bars , it 's rare that i like all the drinks i try , but the drink i ordered ( see light pink drink in photo ) as well as my girlfriends were absolutely delicious . we were given a small complimentary snack mix to share too . \n\n*parasol down ( downstairs ) has the ambience , waterfall view and design concept . when at the wynn in vegas , i 'll definitely be back !"
1 "it 's tough for me to give a place five stars . and i wo n't do it after one visit . though i will be back to this place soon and decide then if it is deserved . this is a cute little place out in henderson on eastern where so many delicious restaurants reside ... went on a sunday afternoon and this place was full .. luckily just one table left inside for my party of 5 . came just for something sweet .. got the monkey ( nutella , banana , etc ) and the blueberry lemon one ... forgot what it was called . both were very different and delicous , though both dessert crepes . owner and workers were very nice . clean place . will be back soon ! love crepes :) oh did i mention they have a mimosa menu ? yup ."
0 "this place is so over rated . it started off pretty crappy for the fact that i was charged $ 15/per day resort fee , which i was not aware of . i know it 's not much , but if you are staying there for almost a week , it 's pretty costly . \nthey did n't have a king size bed either ... then they promised us a room with a great view- which was not very impressive . \norder anything through room servie- expect to wait--- let 's say forever.\nbut i guess that 's what i get for staying at mgm instead of somewhere like bellagios ... the crowd at the hotel is a very odd mix as well ... but i guess you get what you pay for ... \n\ni would n't go back here and i would not recommend this place ..."
1 "atlantic 's fbo is great if you have some time to kill before your flight . there are a few large conference / computer rooms as well as private areas and a \""fuel cafe\ "" on - site that makes horrible oatmeal , but decent paninis and excellent fries ."
0 refused me a drink because i did not have a arizona id . makes no sense i 'm here vacationing why would i have a arizona id ? told me i can only use my passport if i want a drink . i do n't carry my passport to go get food - super horrible customer service .
1 super yummy bakery ! !
0 "hey gabi m. wish we could agree . on our recent visit there , it became such a comedy of errors that they actually comp'd the entire meal.\n\na+ for design and architecture , nobody appreciates a fine terrazzo in the bathroom like we do , but d+ for food and service . \n\nhaving said that , it is hillstone ( houston 's ) and the one thing they are best known for is their impeccable consistency . \n\nwe are more than confident that they will pull it together in short order and continue to succeed in their real business -- printing money ."
0 "the good : our waiter provided excellent service and the food was very tasty . the lobster won tons were amazing.\n\nthe bad : after having to explain to four different bouncers that we had a reservation for dinner , we finally bypassed the queue . then the hostess was extremely rude explaining that there was no way she could seat anyone until the whole party was present , even the one missing party who would be on her way soon but her flight had been delayed . so we had to agree to sit at a table minus the person who was rushing from the aiport and then instead of seating us , we had to wait at the bar for 30 minutes with one of those vibrating beepers . i 'm not sure why the hostess had such an attitude when our table was n't ready anyway . i seriously considered leaving when the bouncer kept flashing his flashlight and saying \""you ca n't stand there\ "" while we were waiting for our table that was n't ready . i wish i would have seen the review that you need to get a \""line pass\ "" from your waiter . we did n't do that and even after spending over a hundred dollars each on dinner and wine , we were told by the bouncer at the top of the stairs that we could n't get in without paying the cover . and that even though we ate dinner at the restaurant , we would have to wait in the enormous queu in the corridor outside to pay cover . perhaps it was a novice move not to ask the waiter to help us get entrance but it was quite annoying at the time . so if you go for dinner and then the nightclub , i suggest either making sure you ask your waiter for a \""line pass\ "" or saving your money to go to mix where the food , wine ( cakebread chardonney - yummy ! ) and service were amazing and our waiter offered to escort us into the lounge ."
0 "this is the worst store i 've ever been to . i walked in ready to spend some serious cash and not a single person would help me . oh a couple of salesman sat and watched tv , and a couple of other salesman made eye contact with me and started to walk toward me but then stopped and turned around . oh well , i went to fry 's market place and bought a great leather loveseat , a dining room set and an entertainment center . i spent almost $ 1000.00 there and the staff was really great . i do n't recommend pruitts to anyone , go to frys ."
1 great hotel ! ! love the diamond lounge ! !
0 "we were advised that their bbq ribs were to die for . they do them special after 4 pm , and we just had to do it . so we did . frankly , they were adequate . nothing special . i can think of two places near my home ( phoenix ) that are better . not sure what my friend was thinking.\n\nbut their brew was pretty good.\n\nwe wo n't make a point of going back , but you could do worse ."
1 "excellent . good staff , really welcoming and friendly . we had an awesome experience here . drinks were fairly priced and poured . the piano players were quite good . could not give it 5 stars because that is reserved for ny ny piano bar in las vegas and andy 's pub ( piano bar ) in oslo ."
0 "the food is mediocre and the service is poor . most of the servers do n't have initiative when it comes to refilling beverages , removing used plates from the table and no teamwork . i asked one server if i could get another set of silverware . the server just looked at me and called to another server that worked in our section . no courtesy and no acknowledgment ."
0 "i went there for lunch on my twenty first birthday and the food was delicious , service not so much . i do n't know if it is because i am young and she profiled us as going to leave a small tip but we even dropped it was my twenty first a couple times and not even a happy birthday was said . i have gone with friends previous years to other locations and had meals partially paid for and desserts free and i know your not suppose to expect and i was n't but this felt like horrible service and i was disappointed ."
1 omg i am addicted we moved here alittle over a year ago and this was the first place we ate at on fremont.since then we go as offten as we can service is amazing as always and the food is so fresh and always consistent.also i had to work on my birthday so my husband and kids drove from south west vegas to fremont to get me my birthday dinner and bring it to the palazzo and it was still amazing ! ! ! love this place ca nt wait to take my friends from ca there next week ! !
0 "hello to all christians who read this . in these times we are living where our freedoms are being stripped away by our government on a monthly basis , i urge you to find another business to get a massage . i canceled my membership as a result along with 7 others due to the harassment i received after a question was asked to get an opinion on a biblical issue . \n\nthis act was unprofessional and terrible service to a loyal customer . how long will it be until your freedom to address an employee 's question no longer be accepted ? ? will you please stand with us ! ?"
1 "i feel so compelled to try to balance out that crappy 1 star review based on her liberal peta preaching .. hey denice you gon na give aj 's 1 star ? how about the dozen or so restaurants as well that serve up duck liver .. the food at le chalet is topps , unpretentious service , and the best duck liver on the planet ! they have their own cages in the back i think , where they beat the bird to order , so it can be a little more fresh ! denise you are the biggest hipocrite in the world , if you have ever eaten out , and eaten a chicken , an egg , or god forbid a hamburger .."
1 "we happened to be going by here and on an impulse decided to stop.\n\nit 's a tiny place right on the road . they have a drive through and a walk - up window . when we visited there were two young , very enthusiastic people inside . they had several coffees available , as well as some italian soda . my wife had the coffee , i tried the soda . we were both very happy with our choices . i 'd probably give it 3.5 stars if i could , but i ca n't . and the enthusiastic service has to count for something , so we 'll go with four stars.\n\nthey also have a stamp card so you can get a free beverage when you fill it ."
1 "i came here for dinner the other day while in town and although i had a great dinner here ... the only thing that really stood out was the dessert i had .... its the only thing that i m writing the review on.\n\nsat down at the bar for a bite and to watch the world series game ... had some drinks . had tacos . wanted something sweet ... so i ordered dessert.\n\nfml . mind blowing dessert alert.\n\nwe've all had churros at some point and time in our lives right ... its kinda like eating a donut really ... when its fresh , its amazing . fried , sweet , and tastes like cinnamon ... cant go wrong ... \n\ni used to think this until i had the churros here at the mission.\n\nthey serve up these mini churros here with a tres leches milkshake / ice cream that will make a grown man cry tears of joy . i mean , i m over there taking bites and barely able to control my emotions ... knowing that i do nt live in the area and will not be able to eat this anytime i wanted ... \n\nlittle deep fried churros that simply put , are the most delicious churro i ve ever had ... \ncrispy , fried , buttery , sweet , cinnamon - y , just simply amazing little things ... \n\ngo to the mission . eat the churros . you will geek out when you do ...."
0 "surly staff who , if you can find them , give you attitude . manager is n't helpful at all either . this would be redeemable if the food was outstanding , but it is n't . folks go because of the groupons . there are better places to go in lebo , do n't waste your time or your $ $ $ ."
1 tried this place while waiting for my iphone to get fixed . holy moly ! awesome food ! we had the lobster bisque and calamari and i can definitely say that it was one of the best lunches i have had in a long time ! we will be back !
1 "just like sonic i miss this place so much . i have not found a place that can come even close in boston to the unreal mexican food \""betos\ "" had 24/7 . nothing beat hitting up betos after a night of drinking or even hitting it up at 7 am for a breakfast burrito . you can not beat their prices , the breakfast burritos are less than 2 bucks and their bigger and as heavy as a brick . betos will you and sonic please move franchises to boston ."
0 we were seated immediately . the tables were very small especially when we planned to cook our meal.we first ordered two sushi rolls they came fer the meat had arrived . the sushi was fair . the amount of meat we got for three was may be a pound of meat .the meat was not well seasoned . . the ri bs were got was not edible because it was so chewy . the waitress forgot our order of tea.we were very disappointed
0 "i had never been here and decided to use a coupon from restaurant.com and check it out . i pulled up into the parking lot and realized it was in a strip mall and there were only about 3 other cars total parked there . i was n't sure if it was open . as i walked inside , i was still unsure . my husband and i were the only ones there in the entire restaurant ( besides the 1 waitress ) . eventually a few more people showed up . the place needs some tlc . its very outdated and worn . there was plenty of items from the menu that sounded appetizing and i was hoping this place was just a hidden gem . i ordered a sampler of egg rolls , fried crab cheese , fried tofu and chicken satay . half of it came out burnt . however , the thai iced tea was very good , and mine and my husband 's main course came out hot and tasted fine . also , we were able to customize the spiciness of our food . the waitress was friendly and i believe either a cook or the owner , unsure , came out to ask how everything was . overall , i was n't overly impressed , probably wo n't come back . i felt a little sorry for the place . i can tell they try ."
0 "we have eaten here many times over the years both at the original 40th st and bell location and this newer location at 40th and thunderbird location . nearly every time the food has been well prepared and delicious , plus the service was always attentive . my only issue with it was i considered to be a rather pricy restaurant.\n\nthe last two times we have been there have been rather disappointing . i do n't know if there is a new chef / owner or what , but the food is not as good as before and our dishes very greasy . the prices are still as high as before . the service we had the other night was abominable . the server , jenn , was one of the worst servers we have experienced in a long time . there were two occupied tables when we arrived ( and two other servers ) and we had to wait for over ten minutes to be acknowledged and for our drink order to be taken . the specials she told us were not the same as another server was telling his table . the meal went downhill after that . we had to ask and re - ask for just about everything . the one bright spot was the bus girl who was so attentive . jenn kept telling us how busy she was ( at her busiest she had three tables ) yet she had plenty of time to talk at length to a table about what was happening on the tv show \""big brother\ "" . it even took forever to get the check , which was finally handled by another server.\n\nall in all , it was a disappointing , expensive meal that was ruined even further by a terrible server ."
0 "my eyes on your eyes\nlike peter pan up in the sky\nmy best friend 's house tonight\nlet 's bump the beats till beddy - bye at docg ! - group love ( tongue tied)\n\nthe foremost reason we ate here was because we were staying at the cosmopolitan and it 's conveniently located outside of the room elevators . i thought that i had tried every restaurant at this hotel that i wanted to already , and i mistakenly tried to fit one more new experience in . you only get two or three dinners per vegas trip so you better choose wisely . i 'm usually a stubborn person but i also am willing to admit when i make obvious mistakes , and this was my fault.\n\na few of their small plates , the grilled octopus and the crispy pork belly , were presented pretty nicely but just did n't hit the mark flavor wise . the ratio of each component felt off . i ordered the pici pasta that came with braised duck sauce and truffles . when it came out , it seemed like it had sat in the line and got a little cold . the sauce was also a tad overpowering.\n\ni'm almost certain they share a kitchen with scarpetta next door as they are both scott conan 's restaurants . i absolutely rave about the pasta at scarpetta but this was an entirely different experience . maybe we should 've tried their pizza but the small plates were n't impressive either . docg to me stands for ' do n't overthink cause golly ! ' stop by for a drink , but eat elsewhere ."
1 "the mission bills itself as a modern latin restaurant inspired by cuisines of spain , mexico , central and south america utilizing french cooking techniques . what does this mean ? expect the unexpected . if you do n't have the cojones to try something new , this may not be the place for you . tip ! - if you 're not sure about something on the menu , ask plenty of questions , more on that later . \n\ndespite arriving 10 minutes prior to my reserved time we were quickly seated and our server came right over to take our drink order . the house margarita 's were good enough to make me vow to never again drink a margarita made from that premixed high fructose crap . i have officially kicked that habit . \n\nthe first course was a peruvian clam stew , otherwise known as \""almejas al vapor\ "" . incredible ! imagine the best soup de poisson you 've ever had now add that to the best posole you 've ever had and turn all that into a thick , creamy stew and voila ! - you 've got yourself one amazing dish . a perfect amount of spiciness , yet you do n't even realize it because of all the other amazing flavors lurking within . \n\nsecond course was the chorizo porchetta with white bean puree . basically , a very tender braised pork shoulder wrapped around a small piece of mexican sausage . this dish was very good but not great , and i blame myself . the meat had a fairly strong smoky flavor which i personally do n't care for . this might be due to the mesquite fired plancha grill that i 'm just not used to . however , i can see how others with an alternative palate would adore this dish . again , this was my fault , i should have asked the server \""what does it taste like\ "" before ordering . \n\nfor desert i had the espresso churros with ibarra chocolate milkshake . the milkshake was great , the churros on the other hand were a bit overcooked , dare i say ... charred . a good churro is crispy on the outside and soft and chewy in the center . granted , this will be very difficult for the mission because their churros are very thin . for a churro of this size , there 's probably a fine line between a limp piece of greasy dough or a brittle , black stick of coal . \n\nafter dinner the server brought each of us a shot of tequila . a nice gesture as she knew that it was a going away meal for my dinner companion who is moving to texas . \n\nas a whole , the experience at the mission was excellent . highly recommended ."
0 "stay away from this train wreck of a hospital , er is very unprofessional and i ca n't believe they can treat people that way . doctors do n't have any idea what they are doing , but they will take your money and if you do n't like the way you where treated , to bad and good luck filing a complaint or talking to any one , they are the cricket of hospitals and if you have ever had cricket and had any problems you will be familiar with the way they do things at st lukes . never again ill die first before deal with those loosers ! ! !"
0 "if you are old enough to remember checkpoint charley , the eastern bloc and willy brandt you will be familiar with the look and feel of the aria cafe . \n\nthe starkness and monochromatic palette of the place made me feel that i was eating my chinese chicken salad ( or other communist approved food ) in an east german government building during the early days of the cold war . there is very little decoration , color or even signs that the space was meant to be inhabited by actual human beings.\n\nwith no sound - absorbing surfaces ( a pet peeve of mine ) the place had a hollow , utilitarian feel and was amazingly loud and reverberant for such an open space.\n\ni will say the dour , mechanistic look is a pallet cleansing contrast to the life , energy and mayhem of the strip outside but perhaps just a hint of color ... or warmth ... or humanity would be welcome.\n\non the bright side ( and most things will seem bright next to the schutzwall grey - green used here ) the food was very good and the service was provided , not as you might expect by burly east german waitresses but by warm friendly folks who seemed to enjoy their jobs . ( unlike some reviewers i had no issue with service but i was not in any hurry)\n\nall in all i 'm not sure whether to recommend the restaurant ; as an historical experience it really brought the past to life , ( i could almost hear the sound of clacsons in the distance ) as a dining experience ... when you come to vegas you can certainly do better ."
1 came in late on a wednesday night about 30 min before closing . this was not my first choice as i was hoping to try some authentic french montreal food . unfortunately most closed by 10 pm . \n\nit was late and i did n't want a big meal . server suggested ribs or a salad but these were fairly large portions so i went with the appetizer portion of chicken tenders and an iced tea . the ice tea came in a very small glass probably less than 6 oz . it also tasted like what you get from a lipton or nestea canned drink which is horrible . at $ 3 it was not a good value . so i did n't have high expectations for my chicken tenders . boy was i pleasantly surprised ! the tenders were not dry and came with plenty of fries to complement . it was definitely an above average dish . \n\nkudos on the chicken tenders but thumbs down on the ice tea . thanks for staying open . server was also friendly and courteous .
1 "i skipped the gym so i can eat some deep - fried chicken and since i was in the area , i decided to give strip n dip a try . i never went here when it was still bfg so i will not be one of those people who would complain about the dang mural of chickens on the wall . \""this place would 've been 5 stars if they had n't painted over the mural\"" ... seriously ? did that mural make your food taste better?\n\ni was impressed by the super friendly service . i was surprised a chicken place had thai tea so of course , i got that since i love thai tea and it was pretty good . since it was my first time , i wanted to try as many items as i can . i went with the 6-pc combo with 1 side , garlic bread and 3 dips and added another side.\n\nchicken:\nyou choose from baked ( with rotisserie seasoning ) , fried ( breaded in panko ) or grilled ( marinated in asian honey glaze ) . i got the panko - breaded fried chicken strips . it was light and not greasy . the chicken was cooked perfectly but still juicy . 4/5\n\nside dishes:\nthey have baked mac n cheese , french fries and grilled veggies . i went with the mac n cheese and fries . the mac n cheese was delish with the melted mozzarella on top . the fries are crispy but you have to dip them in sauce to make them tasty - eating them sans sauce is pretty blah . 4/5\n\nsauces:\nyour options are bbq , buffalo , cheese , wasabi cream , honey mustard , ranch , sweet chili , strip sauce and teriyaki . i tried the wasabi cream , strip sauce and ranch . ranch was a stupid choice since you can get ranch anywhere but that was my back - up plan in case i did n't like the other sauces . it was ranch . the strip sauce was similar to cane 's dipping sauce so i liked it . i did n't like the wasabi cream . you can taste wasabi the first few seconds and then sweetness takes over . i 'm not going to get that again . i have about 4 sauces that i 'm willing to try next time i go . but for having lots of options for sauces ... 4/5"
0 "awful . i used to go here as an undergrad and recently paid them a visit . i was going to krannert for a play and was running a bit late for a full fledge sit down restaurant , and i thought basil thai would be a fair compromise given their proximity and relatively quick serve . i ordered their massaman curry and it was just plain awful . the rice was cooked too long and was on it way to becoming congee . the curry itself was tasteless , way too salty , and over spiced to the point of being bitter . the pork was over cooked . i took about two bites and tossed the entire thing . complete waste of like $ 9 ."
0 "i regretted coming here the moment i had paid . while i love a high quality buffet , this definitely would n't fall under that category . there was nothing that set it apart from any other \""sunday brunch\ "" buffet anywhere in the country . by that i mean the food was below average and the d\u00e9cor was very meh ."
0 "the prices are the only thing that saves this lousy grocery . i almost never go there . i may if it is convenient . i do n't even go there to save money , which i we all could use in this day and age . \nno one seems happy at this place . i once witnessed a jerk ( check out person ) yelling at a woman in line for using food stamps . otherwise they just scowl.\nthe store always seems cluttered and dirty . yeah , food is food but heck , life is too short to shop in a scuzzy grocery . \neven their adds suck ! they have \""better people\ "" because they are \""employee owned\ "" ? where is the logic in that ? there are plenty of very good people at the store i shop at and they are always friendly and even know who i am ! wow ! what a novel concept!\nphil woodman is always touting some cheap mac and cheese , olive oil , or cereal . never mind that the stuff is bad for your health . it 's cheap ! come on down , we will save you a buck and give you a coronary!\nanyone who says this is a great store is only saying that the stores they are accustomed to are worse.\ni hate this place ."
0 in 18 years of sushi eating ra is 1 of 2 places i have ever sent something back . review complete .
1 great food and great customer service . tried the halibut with asparagus on the side with pistachio souffl\u00e9 as the dessert . it was all delicious ! my husband had the lamb with creamed spinach and ate everything ( well with my help on the spinach bc it was really good too lol ) i will definitely come there again when i have the chance .
0 "i recognize that after midnight might appear to be late , but c'mon , guys , this is las vegas ! after having dinner on the las vegas strip and catching jubilee at the flamingo , my wife and i decided to cap off date night with an ice cream cone and hot apple pie from mcdonalds on the way home.\n\nno dice . despite the long line at the drive thru , we were informed that the ice cream machine was down . no problem , we thought , just give us our hot apple pies and we 'll take a latte to share.\n\nnow , the fact that the package the apple came in read \""caution : hot!\ "" led me to believe that the apple pie would actually be , you know , hot . my handy dandy insta - read thermometer informs me that the actual temperature of my \""hot!\ "" apple pie is actually 70 degrees fahrenheit . if i convert this temperature to kelvin , then it seems to be hot , but on both the fahrenheit and celsius scales this seems to be sorely lacking.\n\nc'mon guys . it does n't seem to much to ask that the \""hot!\ "" apples pies at least be warmer than body temperature . given the fact that the line for the drive - thru was at least 10 cars long when we arrived , i assume that there was enough turn - over in your food inventory to ensure that the products you were selling were fresh and hot . i am disappointed with this experience !"
0 "this place was just okay for me . it was nothing spectacular and there were n't fireworks on my tongue haha i have gone to the one in central park in new york and i remember that one being real good . so , i was very excited when i heard one had opened here ! \n\nwhen i looked at the menu , it was similar to that of new york . the average price of a burger is 6 - 10$. the shakes are around 5$. when i had arrived , i was expecting some what of a line but i seriously just walked right on up to the register and ordered our burgers . some of the burgers have a shack sauce that reminded me of in n out , but this sauce is much saltier than i remember . nothing beats the in n out secret sauce \n\noverall , the burgers we got basically tasted like something that i could have concocted at home . just cook some meat , fry some bacon , melt some cheese and voila ! you have a shake shack burger . the sauce was salty and i felt it had overpowered the taste of my burger . i had to drink two cups of dr pepper to help with it . the krinkle fries were good tho ! you ca n't mess up potatoes ! oh , my friend got a strawberry milkshake that was ok too . \n\ni was n't too impressed so i may only return to see if my first experience was just bad or if a friend forces me ."
0 "to put it concisely , the food was tiny & weird , though they do get props for excellent decor.\n\nthe place looks nice , there 's no denying it . there 's an obvious theme going on , low - light interior with candles on every surface , around a dozen and a half ornate chandeliers , crosses on the back wall to tie in with the actual spanish mission . it 's going for dark & solemn , and it hits the mark , so kudos for that.\n\nthe food , though ... i mean , i suppose my group and i should have been prepared for pretentious presentation and ridiculously small portions , given that this is scottsdale , but seriously , when the food came out , we looked at each other , had a bit of a moment , all clearly baffled by how little we each had on our plates . it tasted alright , and was artfully plated , but still , far too small.\n\nand it was n't only the portions ; part of the problem , at least for me personally , was what they tried to pass off as a salad . it was maybe five slivers of onion , a few itty bitty greens , and half a dozen extremely thin - sliced tomatillas . this was all sprinkled over my flat iron steak and repeatedly referred to by the waitress as a salad . it was not a salad . it was a garnish that they tried to talk up as a very fancy salad so they could justify charging $ 30 for the meal.\n\nmy group and i will not be returning . we 're happy to visit our usual mexican restaurant haunts . but hey , in an attempt to end on a happy note , i 'd like to mention that the service was awesome . the hostesses were welcoming , our waters were refilled probably 7 or 8 times , our waitress was very friendly and attentive , and a manager checked on us halfway through the meal.\n\nmaybe we should have told the manager that the food was tiny and weird ... oh well ."
1 "this is by far the best air conditioning people i 've ever encountered . their pricing was extremely fair . all work was installed quickly and without a glitch . they responded quickly on my first unit repair , so i gave them a chance when i finally bought a new one . they will be my air - conditioning people for as long as i live in mesa , arizona ."
1 "always great bbq here . the pork ribs are done with spare ribs , plenty of awesome bbq goodness . a great smoke on the ribs , perfectly sweet and tangy sauce and tons of southern style sides like red beans and rice , fried okra and beans . i got to try the beef ribs this past weekend ( they usually run out ) and they were good , but there was hardly no meat on them . probably just a one off occurrence , since every other time i 've been here this place delivers what i 'm looking form . great bbq hidden in central phoenix ."
0 "this place got really good reviews so we decided to give it a try . i do n't know if we just ordered the wrong stuff or the sushi chef was having a bad day or what but i really did n't think their rolls were all that good . we ordered a few rolls from their happy hour menu : philadelphia , crunch , california and some sort of shrimp / avocado roll . the rice was dry and had no flavor ! i think they forgot the vinegar ! \n\nwe also ordered the following:\n\nedamame : i 've never seen so many of the beans out of its pod ! it tasted about par with other places though.\n\ngyoza : i always thought they were different ( but similar ) to chinese dumplings but here , it was exactly like a chinese dumpling . tasted ok.\n\nveggie fried rice : they used really sticky ( i 'm assuming sushi ) rice to make it . i would n't mind it so much if i wanted sticky rice but we ordered fried rice ... usually the rice is a lot looser.\n\nmiso soup : really bland and i am one who usually prefers bland food.\n\nseaweed salad : by far my favorite . at other places it 's usually a huge salad entr\u00e9e so it was nice they had a small side of it i could order . great flavor . perfection.\n\ni would at least give this place a try again . i just ca n't imagine this place getting such good reviews but the sushi tasting the way it did . i can only assume it was an off day . the service was good though and they have booth seats which is always a plus when you have a toddler!\n\non the ( far ) west side , my barometer for good sushi is usually comparing the new place i try to tomo 's off of dysart / mcdowell , the japanese food restaurant we frequent most ."
0 "no tank tops ( for guys ) ? ! how lame . my friend had to go to the gift shop and buy a $ 25 non - refundable tshirt just to eat here for $ 25 during lunch on a friday . \n\nnot only that , but they make you wait until your whole party is there before they seat you . the ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting , but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits . the selection of food was not the best . there definitely was not any crab legs , and in fact , the seafood section only consisted of basic maki rolls that were rolled poorly and certainly no shrimp , crab , or any other related \""seafood.\ "" so disappointing . the only good thing that was offered was the skirt steak at the carving section . the chinese section was just sad , i did n't even bother to try any of the food from that section just by looking at the food offered , it did not look appealing at all . \n\n+1 star for the skirt steak\n+1 star for having sorbet\n\ni would n't recommend this buffet , nor would i come back ."
1 "depending on your style or clothing preference , this outlet may be or may not be for you . if you 're more in to the higher type class clothing i suggest you head out to the premium outlet near downtown vegas but if you 're in to surfing brands , good kicks , and skinny jeans , this place is for you.\n\nlevis is always having great discounts on their jeans so before you go paying for it full priced at the near by town square , this place is just about 5 min drive away and if you want to save , why not check it out.\n\nquicksilver , hurley , billabong , and even oneil are all here , so duuude come on braaaah , check these places out for totally awesome sales duuude . \n\nnow for the kicks .... nike , adidas , converse and other great brand names are here too . i m not really knowledgeable when it comes to how much these shoes should be compared to what s out there because all i buy are chucks so i ca n't really tell you whether the deals here are great or not . \n\nthis place is n't as nice or as big as the premium but its really close to where i live and has all the stores i prefer and this is the reason for my 4 star ."
0 first time here was n't that impressed . ordered a tamale plate with rice and beans . tamales must of been mistaken for some other ingredient but it was killed with salt ! ! ! could not stand another bite ! beans on the plate looked like it was sitting out for awhile . it was crusty and dry . rice on the other hand was not that bad at all . \n\nsorry to say but i will not go back . maybe just for margaritas or beer .
0 "frankly , if i could give this place zero stars i would . though i thought highly of dr. fintelmann , the ophthalmologist i was seeing at the office , the way the practice is run is nothing short of a disaster . my first inkling of trouble occurred several weeks ago when i was experiencing extreme eye pain and was informed that all their physicians were at a conference in chicago when i called their emergency number . they said i could see an optometrist ; but as i suffer from a relatively rare eye disease , i knew an optometrist could not help me . ( optometrists are great at fitting glasses but do not have the extensive training in eye diseases that an ophthalmologist has . ) after five days of agony , the pain finally lessened , and i kept my next appointment with fintelmann . he told me i needed surgery , which i proceeded to schedule . a few days later , i received a call from a \""patient advocate\ "" who informed me that , whereas dr. fintelmann would perform the surgery , i would have to see an optometrist thereafter , even for the post - surgery follow - up . when i informed her that this was not acceptable to me , she said that i was fired from their practice and please do n't call again . she then hung up on me . so here i sit in pain , having a serious eye disease that can cause blindness , with a medicated contact lens and plug in my eye that should be removed , needing surgery and with absolutely no continuity of care . by the way , i have tried to find another cornea specialist ( there are n't many ) but have been told that i 'll have to wait months for an appointment . not to be melodramatic , but i could go blind by then or stark raving mad with pain . sorry , if you need eye care , run away from this outfit as fast as you can . all they care about is money and doing things their way , regardless . you , the patient , really do n't count for anything ."
1 "punk rock bar . \nhappy hour is m - f , noon - 5 . all drinks are only $ 2 !"
0 "they do n't turn on the ac . instead , they use a ghetto fan to cool the entire restaurant . \nthe service is horrible . instead of making sure each table is okay , they would rather chat amongst themselves . if you plan on asking multiple times for napkins or other stuff , then come here . even if they do remember to give napkins , they 'll only give you one or two . they got our order wrong multiple times . even when they were taking our order , they were impatient in waiting for us to decide what we wanted . \ndo not order any kind of rice dish . also , do not order any kind of boba drink.\nin summary , do not come here to eat . \nbad service , lousy food , and no ac ."
0 "terrible takeout ! do not go!\ni called in my order , simple two omelet , with some fruit and tomatoes on the side . nothing crazy . so i got thought the extended diatribe on the phone clarifying and identify i understand the extra charges for a side of tomatoes , the cashier says 10 minutes.\ni get to the restaurant about 6 minutes later only to sit and wait another 20 or so , the price of which had never been disclosed to me . $ 11 per 4-egg omelet . i was a little shocked , but then my order was also wrong , they missed my extras and wanted to charge me even more for simple stuff like an ounce of tomatoes . i 'm trying to grin and bare it , when the cashier dashes off without a word to get her manager , because she does n't actually know the cost of said side of tomatoes . the manager comes out with a half -ass - ed apology and an offer to \""take care of me\ "" the next time i choose to suffer through this establishment 's shotty service.\nso now that i 've arrived at my office a whole 3 minute drive away , my fruit cup was leaking all over the bag of food . each meal was luke warm , the ranch potatoes nearly broke a tong of my plastic fork , which we received one less than requested . my crazy chicken omelet , which is described as \""loaded with julienned chicken breast , fresh mushrooms and guacamole . topped with muenster cheese and sour cream.\ "" on the website , had flavorless dark meat chicken , and mushy old guacamole that was terrible.\ndon't trouble yourself with this establishment , food should be a delight , not a stressful experience ."
0 "wanted to get some italian food friday , saw the reviews and my wife ordered over the phone for pickup . drove 5 miles there to find out there is hardly any parking available anywhere and had to park behind a carwash few hundred feet away . after getting inside had to walk to the corner of the very busy bar to pay for the take out . asked the bartender if that was all the food my wife ordered , she said yes . drove back home to find out they completely forgot my daughter 's food , called them back and was informed the food was sitting at the bartender 's register the whole time ! drove another 5 miles back thinking they would at least comp the forgotten food but they put a $ 5 coupon for the next time ! ! ! i 'm not sure how they have such high rating , the calzone and mediterranean salad were tasteless , forgot my daughter 's caprese salad and by the time i made this 20 mile 2 times round trip , she had already gone to sleep and did n't eat . and to top if off the bartender told me she has to get the manager 's ok for any kind of credit or keep the $ 5 coupon . they can keep their stupid coupon since i 'm never going back there again ."
1 "forget bouchon or sinatra .. the first place we wanted to revisit to on our second trip to vegas was the peppermill.\n\nit 's not how surprisingly great the food is , the totally vintage and tacky decor , or the fact that it 's open 24 hours . \n\nit 's that awesome fireside lounge . if it 's not busy you can get a seat right infront of the fire . if not , it 's not so bad either , you can curl up on the couches and watch random music videos while nursing a bloody mary all night.\n\nin the restaurant , the girls are dressed like hooters girls , in the lounge they 're dressed like prom queens in full on gowns . with that said , the lounge is not fancy , it 's just a cool place to drink and be comfortable.\n\nagain , still love the peppermill and i 'll probably come back here every time i visit vegas ."
0 "went in with a group on monday around 1 pm . the place was n't busy at all , so i was expecting service to be pretty speedy . wrong ! we waited almost 10 minutes for our drinks to be delivered . one persons drink did n't even come , so after another 10 minutes of our server being nowhere , he magically appeared and ordered him another one . 5 minutes later , i personally had to go grab it from the bar because our server was nowhere to be found again . \n\nafter ordering , it took about 35 minutes for our food to come out . a buddy and i split the blue cheese sliders and the hangover fries . the sliders came out with no blue cheese on them and the fries looked and tasted like they had been sitting under the heat - lamp for about 10 minutes . and again , our server was nowhere to be found when we needed drink refills and to ask about the food . \n\nto top it off , a few in our group decided to sit at the bar after our meal and wait for our ride to come . we all ordered beers from their amazing craft selection ( coors light , blue moon , dos equis , alaskan amber , new castle , perroni ) . wow , those all sound like domestics to me . \n\nas we were drinking our beers , we noticed that the bar was swarming with fly 's ! everywhere ! flies and gnats were on everything ; the plates , glasses , bottles , the beer taps . \n\nthis place is to be avoided at all cost . it may look good on the outside but everything on the inside is messed up . this is coming from someone who has worked a while in the food industry . \n\nservice - 1.5/5\nfood - 2/5\ncleanliness - 1.5/5\natmosphere - 3/5"
0 "though the freedom dr. k - mart looks like the setting of a post - apocalyptic film and the entire chain is past its prime , you can find some ' trinkets ' for cheap on the inside . \n\nthis k - mart has some affordable home furninishing knock - offs ( by cheap , i mean cheaper than target / ikea ) . while it some of it is dated , k - mart still carries the much - touted martha stewart brands . i 've found a ' runner ' rug and bedspread that both look like something from department stores . the same can be said for the furniture , so do n't hate on my stylish house . \n\nthe clothing department is slightly dicier , but i have scavenged some faddish clothes ( think gap 3 years ago ) among the big bubba t - shirts and overalls . their young men 's section has good deals at the end of the season , like utility shirts or those really metrosexual boot - cut jeans for less than $ 15 . yeah .... really.\n\nthe rest of the store is pretty much filler . if you actually go to this k - mart ( or any k - mart ) looking for a decent selection of sporting goods / shoes / electronics , you will likely pay more than other big box retailers or be appalled by the selection . if you 're like me and approach k - mart shopping like thrift store diving , you will be pleasantly surprised . ca n't decide then if visiting k - mart is frugal or frivolous , but who does n't need another cheap belt ?"
1 "two friends and i visited blue sky today for the first time . we all had mani / pedis and it was sheer heaven for all three of us ! ! the pedicures they offer were the best any of us have ever had ! ! i pass at least 10 salons on the way to blue sky but well worth the trip ! i 'm now a regular , they have won us over for life !"
1 "oh man . three amigos , you stealer of hearts and filler of bellies . every time we go , we wonder - why do n't we eat here every meal ? \n\ni wish i could say i 've tried everything on the menu and loved it , but the truth is we always order the enchiladas . always . and we are never , * ever * disappointed . when 's the last time you honestly said that about , well , anything?\n\ngo . go now . \n\njust do n't take my parking spot ."
0 "update ! so i received a harassing message from the owner accusing me of working for yelp , that i should not say anything and not to come back if i do n't like them . \n\nmy original review was 3 stars , but as a result , they 've been downgraded . just a few thoughts:\n\n1 . ok , i will never come back . done!\n\n2 . if you are really that thin - skinned about a 3 star review where i do say the donuts are decent , but the thai iced tea was too sweet , maybe you should n't be in the business of serving the masses . hmm ? perhaps the time you have spent sending nasty messages to people that have a differing opinion could be used in adjusting your recipes , improving your marketing techniques , training your staff to be excellent at customer service , or maybe doing some relaxing breathing exercises to soothe your troubled soul instead?\n\n3 . check out the owner 's reviews . http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=4f3oa1_gqec7itblw_9ovg \nit 's very classy to give one stars to your competitors ! and , may i assume that this person owns boston donuts , given the first ( and only ) to review , and the 5 star rating?\n\nand last but not least,\n\nyes , i am the yelpy evil donut fairy , traipsing around with my magic wand of misfortune cursing those poor , unfortunate donut shop owners with my 3 star reviews ! muhahaha!\n\nbut really folks , if you do n't want to get harassed , go to bosa or welcome chicken + donuts instead . you will thank me , the evil donut fairy !"
0 "as if losing all your money on the strip from gambling , expensive restaurants , and pricey shopping did n't hurt enough ... you leave las vegas through a neglected airport with filthy bathrooms , poor dining options and limited seating . i know it is just a port of entry / departure but dang , could n't the hotels chip in a tiny bit to make a good impression for travelers ? i added one bonus star for their no - smoking enforcement ."
0 "i read below that this restaurant is a great place to take your mom out for breakfast ... so hey , i listened , and decided it 'd be worth a try . my mom and i headed out sunday morning to grab a nice meal and catch up . well unless your idea of bringing mom out to breakfast is causing her to have an aneurysm then this is n't the place for you . look , i 'm patient , but when i walked into a restaurant and try to simply put my name on the waitlist and get shoved aside by other patrons , that 's strike 1 . when the manager and his five unhelpful staff of chickens run around like their heads are cut off , that also worries me . does it really take 6 people to man the front of the restaurant -- and by man i mean disregard customers ? glad i walked out before being sat down because i 'm sure the kitchen is in as much disarray as the entrance ."
1 the best thing about this place is the portion size ... they're huge . they have a wide menu variety . i have to admit i like the taste of their breakfast menu items better than their lunch and dinner menu items .
1 "had brunch here today . fantastic prime rib ! shrimp salad was great as well . enjoyed the walk up do it your self bloody mary station . great way to set it up . our waitress was right on time , offered refills and clean plates ( for seconds ) without our asking . the manager came to the table twice just to check on us and made sure we had the right seating for the baby . \n\nall in all a very nice fathers day in a fun pub . will be back ."
0 "i visited la calabria with high hopes of finding my \""go to\ "" italian restaurant , but i can now cross it off my lisit of places to dine . i did so based off the countless high reviews it had been given on yelp and google . i started my night off by ordering the beef carpaccio however what arrived was battered fried cheese with a bowl of canned tomato sauce . i decided to eat this concoction because our waiter was new and clearly nervous . the appetizer tasted about as good as it looked which i would rate as average at best . next we were served out salads , the house and caesar . both salads followed right in line with our appetizer , average but severly overdressed . our main course consisted of the linguini ai frutti di mare and meat ravioli , which our server recommended . the ravioli was what i would expect from an olive garden caliber restaurant . the ligunie is where i took offense . the basic concepts of cooking this dish were missing . this is my favoite dish and something i consider a staple of a good italian restaurant . the pasta was overcooked to a mushy consistency . the seafood was generous however was also overcooked . all of this was served in what appeared to be a tomatoy soup that was filled to the brim of the bowl . i ate the entire meal with fear i would have this red water in my lap or all over the table . \ni am confused by the numerous high ratings for la calabria . i have grown up eating great italian and recently moved to phoenix . if my only experience of italian food was eating chuck e cheese i might be more inclined to give 3 stars . if you are looking for a great italian meal look elsewhere ."
0 "although the food was good , i hate to say that the service this time around was not . my first time here a few weeks back was much better , even though the place was packed , we received constant , excellent service . tonight was a totally different experience . we ordered an app and two pizzas , waited at least thirty - five minutes , app never showed . when the pizzas arrived we asked that the app be cancelled . our server came back to say the pizzas just cooked faster than our little dumpling app ( really ? ? ) . i can forgive a mistake ( like if someone forgets to put our app order in ... ) but i do n't like being lied to . she proceeded to say that it was being cooked and that the manager would swing by and ' take care of it ' . we never saw such manager , our server only checked on us once , and i left with a bad taste in my mouth . i love the feel of this new sammy 's but one can not live on ambiance alone . there 's a small mom & pop pizza spot down the street from home that always delivers on the service front . i 'd rather give them my business no matter how meager it may seem . it would have showed some good character if a manager would 've showed up and simply apologized for whatever mistake was made . no need to comp anything , just own up to the mistake , apologize and move on . very disappointed , i really wanted to love this new location ."
1 "happy to report that service has definitely improved!\n\ni highly suggest going during ramadan . it is over august 18 this year , but that last day will probably be very busy.\n\nthey have a nightly buffet for ramadan . get there by 8:15 to secure a table , but eating ( and drinking even water ) does n't begin until 8:35 . technically , if you are n't muslim you can eat before then , but it would be very rude . everyone else there will have been fasting since sun - down . about 8:25 people will start lining up to fix their plates so when the time comes , they are ready to eat.\n\ngo and get some great food and witness a cultural holiday different than your own !"
1 "i was thinking about how i have been here in az for over a year now and looking back to some of my favorite places and events . i had been to this park a number of times ( i did n't have a job when i got here ) but the highlight was the st. patrick 's day visit . the fountain goes off ( i think at noon ) and it is green . now for those of you from seattle or oregon i am sure it is food grade , biodegradable , organic , wild , free range fish food and not a harmful chemical . either way it is kind of fascinating as are the people walking around . i think fh really misses and opportunity here to have a food vendor or 2 to make this into more of an event , or maybe combine it with some irish heritage festival . the patio 's of the local business are packed , so get there early if you want to sit down and eat lunch ."
1 this store has everything . they are so nice and helpful .
1 "bev - who ? \nthis place rocks ! \nthe prices are awesome and they normally have coupons in the sunday paper . \nlast time we were there they had a rum tasting . the staff is very friendly , although sometimes hard to find . \ni think it took us 2 rum tastings and 20 minutes to pick out a tequila for a party ... the selection is huge ! \n\nprost !"
0 i came here for the fixed sunday brunch menu.\n\nthere are some fun things to try but i did not feel it was worth the $ 50 price . if they brought it down to $ 35 or $ 40 i 'd be more into it but spending $ 60 + dollars each after ( if you get a drink ) seems really ridiculous for sunday brunch .
0 "the ice cream sunday i got was tasty but the service was poor . they were out of vanilla , the cash register was n't working and i got the feeling that the cashier did n't want to help me ."
0 "i very rarely complain about the food at restaurants , but i was shocked by how much i disliked the buffet at the flamingo . usually i 've got to the pricier buffets when i 've been in vegas , and always liked them , but we decided to look at something a little cheaper to make up for our other expensive meals of the weekend , and found ourselves at flamingo . \n\nthe food was n't very fresh . nothing was warm or cold - just a lukewarm temperature . we tried the spring rolls , several of the vegetable dishes , fried rice , shrimp , cocktail sauce , crab legs , salads , desserts ... basically gave everything a try . the spring rolls and crackers were chewy , while all the sauces were inedible . the cocktail sauce had such a strong horseradish taste that i nearly choked on it , and i 'm not sure what was in the caesar dressing but it was awful and had a weird , gritty texture ( almost like sand ) . my dining partner said the desserts were very good . \n\nthe saving grace for dinner was the make your own pasta bar . it was something that i easily could have made at home , but it was fresh , tasty , and the only reason that i left feeling full . \n\nthe service was also very friendly and helpful , but with food like that i 'd rather spend the extra money to go to the buffet at the aria ."
1 "tram has great pho , and enough of it to feed all of pittsburgh when the next fake armageddon rolls around ."
0 "stay away ! i had them for a over a year ( probably because i was too lazy to find another service ) . in that time they broke my pool pump , broke the cleaning thing that cruises around the pool and charged me for things without my consent ( chlorine floater which was just fine ) . they 're too lazy to even take the cover off the pool to clean it . if the cover was on , the pool was n't getting cleaned . now , i receive an email saying that they 're no longer doing service in my area ... and my service day is tomorrow . what a pos company ! !"
1 "i have delayed writing this review as it has taken me sometime to put my thoughts in order regarding what might be one of the top 3 dining experiences of my life up until this point.\n\nfirst ... it is a thomas keller restaurant . arguably one of the best chefs alive and a true master of the culinary arts . if you ca n't appreciate this simply fact then you would be better off spending your money at mcdonald's.\n\nthe atmosphere here is fantastic , if not a bit loud ... but then again , it 's vegas baby . menu 's are on brown wax - type paper that will ring your napkin . our server was excellent , with out being overly pushy and was quite helpful in explaining questions we had on the menu . he also did n't look at us in disgust when we joked about not being able to order anything in french , due to our limited linguistic abilities.\n\nnow ... on to the food . it was incredible ! i could leave it at that but i wo nt . we had a group of five and started with multiple appetizers . specifically , we had the escargot ... delicious with the puff pastry on top , the pork belly sausage ... i believe the dates in this dish really make for a maple like flavor that is awesome , a selection of oysters , most from the pacific northwest and all extremely fresh and grit free , and finally , the chilled mussels . i love mussels but had not had them chilled before . again , they were fantastic.\n\ni had the steak frites for my entree . the steak was excellently prepared and the frites were a golden , crispy , salty , wonderful experience . the herbed butter on the steak was excellent as well . my wife had the roasted chicken dish and it was phenomenal as well.\n\nto finish i had the chocolate mousse , it was the richest , thickest , creamiest mousse i 've ever had ... i loved it . i was also able to sample the apple tart , and beignets ... both we as good if not better than the mousse.\n\ni ca n't recommend this place highly enough ... in my mind it is a ' ca n't miss\ "" while in vegas . i am looking forward to buying the bouchon cookbook and trying out some of these recipes . if they turn out half as good at home as they did at the restaurant i 'll be a happy guy !"
0 "what s worse : an ex - con burger flipper who actually barks at you for your order , a filthy condiment bar , cash only , a cashier that walks up and asks you for your drink order and then walks across the restaurant as he goes and clears a table after he just asked you a question , or the fact that if you do n't have cash you get to pay an extra $ 4 on top of your $ 5 - 7 burger to use their cute little atm machine.\n\ni know : the fact that for some reason people completely overlook it all : \""if you go to asu , you have to go to chuck box ! so good dood.\""\n\ni was in line , realized i had no cash and began to turn around to go to the atm up the street . spatula master must have noticed that i was about to eff - up his patty streak before his next skoal break , and shot me that \""i'll put 50 wounds into your torso with this bic pen\ "" look , to which i respond : \""i'll be right back\ "" \nand the response i get : \""oook ? whatever!\""\n\nreally ? : -o\n\ni would have left , but i was there with friends - damn.\n\nthey even have a sign posted claiming that they take cash only because they need to speed up the line . i got an idea : how about you employ more than two people to service your entire restaurant . no ? ok , waste my time and my money instead . i get you . oh but , that ca n't be so , not if your website states:\n\n\""besides a cold beer and a burger , i 'll be here to greet you with a smile and a hug.\n- big juan\""\n\nbig juan must 've gotten mugged by the two thugs working the grill at burger number 278 . poor big juan , i 'd probably like this place if he was still around : i was able to make a pretty tasty burger out of a 1/3 lb . on wheat with pepper jack , jalapenos , and onion.\n\nand no , this is n't what it means to be a hole in the wall ; go up the street to pollo supremo : literally nothing but nice mexican ladies serving you unique and very tasty food for a really good price . yes they do n't take cash , but they do n't make excuses , and never would i expect to be greeted with that paint - peeling ex - con death - stare . and what s with the gimmicky western decor ? hole in the wall ? the closest reason chuck box could be categorized hole in the wall : i 'm afraid to eat here because if i piss off spatula master - burger nazi , he 'll probably grab that red hot grill and flip it over on top of me ... you got ta be mildly afraid to eat at a hole in the wall ... \n\nin all seriousness though , there 's no excuse to treat paying customers like they 're wasting your time . maybe people do n't know how to react , or they think that somehow its cool to go to chuck box and get treated like a roach . \noook ? whatever !"
1 "i 've been here several times , but most recently i went there with a girl friend who was visiting from vegas . we decided to stop in real quick and enjoy the happy hour specials . the specials were fantastic , probably one of the best happy hours , but besides the pricing , the food and house margaritas were delicious . the service was great ( we had bartender ben who was awesome ) . we even met local charlie who let us try one of his special flour tortilla chips that we were curious about ; which were great . if you 're an enchilada fan , i would suggest getting one chicken and one cheese and mixing them . we found the combination to be great together . the cheese crisp and fideo are always a favorite too . i find the ' water park ' as mentioned by another yelper and the patio to give this restaurant it 's charm . if it was n't summer , i 'm sure we would have been out on the patio ."
1 this restaurant serves really good mexican food at reasonable prices . the location and decor are great and make it look like a really expensive restaurant without the high prices . the service is almost always top - notch and prompt . my pick from the extensive menu would be the enchiladas .
0 its ok but i never seem to enjoy myself when i am here . i would rather drink at home .
0 "i love ross and have been an avid shopper there for many years . i was excited to go to this store , because i have been trying to get christmas presents for my family and friends . as i go up the escalaor , i realized there were just rows and rows of clothes it looked great . hoever when you start browings though all the clothes , i started to think to myself that it almost felt as if i was walkingi n a thrift store . the had very low quality clothing and the clothes were shoved into each section , i hand the hardest time to even look at the clothes . i do not want to go to this ross ever again . it was a really junk ross ."
0 "dirty , dirty , dirty place . the burgers were average . dead flies all over the window sills , dead flies mixed with the straws ( note straws are packaged but still ! ! ) . the folks are very friendly and the milkshakes are really , really sweet . i could never go back though due to the cleanliness factor . sorry !"
0 "1st trip about 2 months ago was pretty good . was there again today and service was poor . ordered eggs over medium , were served like they were hockey pucks ... told the waitress and she said she would get new eggs for us , but left the our plates on the table for the next 10 minutes letting the ham , hash browns and english muffins get cold . why would they not put the plates back under the warmer in the kitchen until the eggs were ready ? manager came over and said she understood the eggs were made incorrectly , i asked her why they would leave our plates on the table ... she said ' sorry ' and that was it . did not offer to offset the bill , nothing , nada , zippo - so i just had to limit my tip and left a note on the receipt saying \""cold food today - not good\"".\n\nhow do you screw up eggs ? ask us egg .... very disappointing ."
0 "this weekend was my first time in vegas- came with a friend here on business , so his company covered the room . he was working at the conference center , hence the hotel choice . he drove in from la and was much later than my flight , and the hotel was nice enough to be able to transfer the prepaid room into my name so that i could check in . \n\nwe were on the 24th floor with resort club privileges- not sure what to compare this to , because the room was pretty generic . we got a letter listing our resort level benefits , including lounge access on our floor to have a light breakfast , snacks , and wine / cheese social in the evenings , which was a nice touch . also included free fitness center access , which i 'd researched upon arriving and balked about the $ 20/day access fee- which is insane considering what is actually available . it 's essentially a room of weight machines , some treadmills , and three outdated ellipticals . i was surprised . used it for what i needed and left , but nothing there was worth even half of that access fee for the weekend , let alone the day . room came with printer-- but i am still waiting , an hour and a half later , for someone to bring me the cord to actually use it . housekeeping says they 're still looking for it and to go to the business center instead . will do , but not thrilled about it . also , my partner was a little annoyed not to get the slippers / robe listed among our amenities . \n\ni'm not a casino fan , so i did n't evaluate that , but the giant sports screen at the superbook was pretty cool . did n't want to do the buffet , so went to paradise cafe instead on my first night alone . date and i did the sushi bar inside of bennihana 's the following night . having access to the monorail was a plus.\n\nall in all , aside from the printer cable situation and fitness center access fees , it was fine . but just fine . expectations were a little higher ."
0 "i 'll start by saying that i 'm a single guy and i do n't really know anyone here , but i 've never had an issue with going to a bar by myself . that being said that there is a distinct clickish feel here . it 's got a great atmosphere , kinda hip kinda divey . but the vibe here if you 're not with a group is not the friendliest . no one 's unfriendly or hostile , but i certainly did n't feel like hanging around . if i 'd come with a group of people , it would probably be a different feel . but if you 're on your own , i do n't think you 'd feel as welcome ."
1 "had the fried shallot salmon roll , awesome ! very fair prices and a nice atmosphere . ca n't go wrong ."
1 broccoli and egg omelet was delicious ! i think it cost 12.00 so it was reasonable . the waiter brought out delicious glasses of tap water to go with it!\n\nhash browns were acceptable./ nothing to brag about . wheat toast was standard\n\nthis place exceeded my expectations for 3:00 a.m. on a saturday morning in vegas . no wait to be seated and plenty of tables . lots of staff working too\n\ni would go back .
1 "le vieux v\u00e9lo is a great breakfast spot . be prepared to wait a good half hour for a table on the weekend , but it 's worth it . it 's cosy and cute inside and the brie avocado bacon sandwich is great ! the prices are reasonable and it 's one of those places that you can tell care about the dishes they are putting out . that 's important to me . they wo n't rip you off . delicious choose - what - you - want - inside smoothies are available but sadly their juice selection is but tropicana . the benedicts are also yummy and the hollandaise is rich and citusy . will keep on coming back !"
0 "wow , just wow . i had the rodizio all - you - can - eat experience and i can say that my dining experience was ruined . \n\nfirst off , most of the meats were bland and dry . now i finally understand why gordon ramsay would take a bite out of a terrible meal and not really eat anymore after that . he was not being a jerk like some people make him out to be . i too , would be upset if i was fed an injustice done to food . i would rather starve instead of continuing eating terrible food . i just lost my appetite . it was like a punch to the face and i dislocated my jaw . i could n't stand chewing through their meats . all the meats were basically bunched up in the same spot and seems as if it was cooked on a timer . no attention or care for the meats at all . it does not make sense to me that different meats would be cooked in the same way.\n\ni would say the service is between terrible to mediocre . what confused me during my dining experience though is that one of the servers denied my group a slice of meat because it seems that these servers are assigned tables and that table only . i just wanted my meat ! not only that , but the wait between getting the meats were long . if the meat were decent enough , then i would be staring at an empty plate most of the time . of course , this was n't the case since i just could n't stomach most of the meats after a bite so i just left it to sit on my plate . i feel bad for wasting meat , but it was just that bad.\n\ni had mostly the flank steak and there was no consistency . the first few cuts were medium rare and then towards the end it was extremely rare . the only consistency though was the dryness of the meat . it was so dry that there were no signs of blood anywhere even though the piece was extremely rare . what kind of technique would you have to use to be able to obtain this result ? i also had the pineapple , which i was hoping to be a saving grace to add some flavor to the meats , but it was too sweet for my palate and the charred parts tasted like burned marshmallows.\n\nin terms of the bazilian experience , it was so so . they start you off with pao de quijo and chips . the pao de quijo was absolutely wrong . it was more like a piece of bread if anything . next was the rice , beans , and sweet plantain , then the salad . i did n't really go for the appetizers since i wanted the meat experience , but my companion did say he enjoyed the beans.\n\noverall , i spent almost $ 60 for the meal , tax , and tip ( even with a discount ! ) and i felt i did not get the experience that i paid for . i do not recommend samba at all , especially if you are a meat eater . i would not even come back even if they managed to improve on the food and service ."
0 "can you say , closed ! drove by and it 's shut down ( as of october 27 ) ."
0 i should have eaten my money instead . it would have had more flavor and been more satisfying .
0 "worst taxi cab company ever ! after over an hour of waiting they completely forgot about me . stay away ! they did n't even want to give me an estimated wait time , first cab company i hear that from and the clerk on the phone was very unpleasant i am not pleased at all , i 'd rather keep calling desert cab ."
0 i was so excited to go here that my expectations went a bit too high . i think an actually requirement of working here is to be from brazil . i wonder how that exactly works out ... all the meat that we tried was really delicious however a lot of the times it was extremely rare . i like my meat a bit more cooked and when i asked for medium it was like they suddenly avoided our table . the buffet did n't match the cost of the meal . for that price they should be bringing all the food to me . over all i do nt think i would go back .
0 "way overpriced for what you get . was n't bad , but was n't great ."
1 "this really was a treat that i did n't see coming . we were trying to go to mesa grill , but it was pucking facked . so you can tell , i was feeling something big and beefy which probably colored my menu selections a bit . enough about me , more about spago . note they have 2 different menus depending on where you sit ( cafe and dining room ) . we sat in the dining room . \n\ngroup of 3 of us arrived at about 7:30 on a thursday , no wait at all ( kind of atypical in vegas ! ) . we sat down , were served super promptly , and got an amuse bouche of potato leek soup brought out right away . awesome . they have a couple gin oddities on their bar , so i got a gin martini . almost lost some points since the waiter asked if i wanted a lime in it ( that would be a gimlet , not a martini ) . but whatevs . the martini was done very well ... it had a remarkable floral scent to it quite a treat ... try the cape rock organic gin . it was also $ 14 , but that seems more the norm than the exception in vegas . \n\ni had the most elegantly presented heirloom tomato soup in the entire world . the waiter brought a covered bowl to my table , lifted the top off , and there was a beautiful dense red soup with a pine branch drawn into the top of the soup using a olive oil / basil sauce . stunning . and the soup was great too ... the crouton served with it matched perfectly . very very well done here.\n\nsince i was in a meaty / grilly mood ( expecting to head to a flay joint ) , i got the kobe flat iron steak . it was also exceptional . the steak was perfectly well done , nice and chewy ( its a flatiron people , it should be chewy ) , but not tough at all . it was served with some broccolini which fit this dish perfectly . i 'm only sorry i was too full for dessert . \n\nthey brought out an assortment of bread in a basket before the appetizers , and i was having a tough time choosing between them since they all sounded great . after i made a tough choice for the bread i had selected , the waiter asked if i wanted something else . it was perfect - i was able to sample all of the breads that sounded great to me . he also came back 2 - 3 times during the meal to see if we wanted any more . also , our water glasses never got below 1/3 full . its weird , i 've always wondered why the mid - high end restuarants typically do n't have this kind of service , when you are clearly going to pay a fair chunck of change for dinner . its awesome to see a place that really aims to please you in every way possible . also , the wait staff was generally transparent during the meal even though they were doing a lot of work clearing our table , customizing cutlery , filling water , etc.\n\nthe dining area is perfectly decorated . its a little trendy , but not blinking red light and technoey . the decor is so right because you can walk in there wearing anything ( ahem ... within reason ) and not feel out of place . its great for any age group - 20ish to 60ish . its a little loud , but not disruptivley so . you are going to have to pay a bit for this place ( app , dinner , and a single martini ran me $ 100 after tip ) , but i 'd do it again on my own dime in a heartbeat.\n\nits one of those rare 5 star places . well done sir puck ."
1 "we left la at 1:30pm did n't get there until 7 pm . terrible traffic on the 15 , you think that leaving at 1 pm one would avoid traffic . we came here to attend edc ( electrical daisy carnival ) . us guys shared the room it was $ 420 per night so it did n't come cheap . \n\nmarquee pool party was the best everybody was chilled and fun . the only casual fast food available were pizza , chinese , and mexican place . if you wanted wonton noodle soup you wo n't get it here . i think the chinese place only offer four items , a few dim sum items . clearly cosmo does n't want to highlight \""food court\ "" area . we did run into a few celeb which was cool since i 'm a bit a of a sports fan . we saw cam newton . russell westbrook walked into my elevator and i recited his average game stats . he was impressed . on the way back from edc we ran into gus hanson and we waved hello to him . we met many cool people and laugh the entire time.\n\nthe only place open 24 hours was \""the henry\ "" we went both nights . i ordered braised short ribs with hollandaise sauce . it came with a demiglace sauce ... borlandaise sauce ? it was overly reduced and too salty . \n\nhotel was loud so this is not for a quite couple , but if you 're sassy and roll with deep pocket you 'll have tons of fun . \n\n\""how do you know when you 're in vegas ? when you have red bull and vodka for breakfast\ """
0 "i have been to various great clips before but never to this location until today . after i was asked how i wanted my hair and i gave her the name a of men 's hairstyle ( an undercut with a # 1 on the sides and back ) . the \""stylist\ "" started about cutting my hair and never asked questions , so i assumed she understood . when it was clear she had no clue what she was doing and/or what i had asked for , i stopped her . she gets offended when i ask her if she even understood what i wanted . she proceeds to tell me about how she 's been cutting hair for over 20 years and implies i 'm an idiot . not only that but the other woman working in the place chimes in as well telling me i did n't ask for an undercut and that it 's a woman 's hairstyle blah blah blah . i proceed to literally explain to them how to cut a men 's undercut , how to part the hair , that it 's not blended , etc . so anyway , up until now i was the only customer in the place . after people came in i felt extremely embarrassed to say anything else so i just let this \""stylist\ "" finish whatever it was she thought she was supposed to be doing to my hair . needless to say , i went home straightaway and shaved my head . \n\nlong story short ... the employee 's here are rude , unprofessional , and not very well trained . i would give them 0 stars if possible . go someplace else ! ! !"
1 "my buddies back in california have been telling me for sometime about this joint called farmer boys . they keep saying how great it is and as a fast food connoisseur , it was definitely on my list the next time i made it back there . well much like finding a five dollar bill in the pocket of your jeans , i was driving down decatur in part of town i rarely roll to and lo and behold , there was a farmer boys staring me in the face . waiting was no longer needed ..... it was go time!\n\nthe place was epically busy during lunch , which is a good sign . i ordered the farmer burger which is a half pound burger with cheese , bacon and avocado ( got to go with the namesake ) and made it a combo . i duly paid up and when the transaction was complete i asked for my cup for a soda , the gentleman taking the order was like \""oh you wanted a combo , i did nt ring it up as such.\ "" i said no problemo , i 'll pay the difference , but he was insistent that it was his fault and that he 'd take care of it . i felt bad and wanted to pay but he would n't let me so i put what it would cost me into the tip jar . i thought that was a nice , albeit really unnecessary , customer service gesture . not something you see too often in quick service restaurants anymore which made it all the more refreshing.\n\nas for the food , the burger was outstanding . one of the better fast food burgers i have ever had . the bacon was crisp , the patty was large and full of flavor and the cheese was thick but not overwhelming . i struggled to finish the whole thing , which is a rare occurrence . the fries were good but relatively unspectacular . i wish the fries were top notch because i would not hesitate to give farmer boys a 5 star ranking in that case . although , there is hope . the menu is extensive and i have barely scratched the surface with this matinee performance . when i make my return , there is a pretty comprehensive looking breakfast menu which is served all day ( awesome ! ) and intriguing salad and wrap options too . so basically this 4 star ranking serves as my opening salvo , while further visits will reveal the true nature of this place . \n\nprices were decent , especially considering the quality of the ingredients . service was friendly and the dining atmosphere was kitschy , rustic , farmy fun . i also respect that they rock the drive - thru as well so if that reo speedwagon song i 'm rocking too is just to good to turn off , i can keep the party going without missing a beat . now if i can only figure out more reasons to go to this stretch of decatur ....."
1 "the queens arms recently had a bit of a revamp and the place is looking rather good - it has definitely joined the ranks of decent gastropubs and left the days of being a ' traditional ' boozer behind . the newly painted green exterior is inviting and i was pleasantly surprised when i stepped over the threshold ; inside it 's cosy due to the presence of a real fire and the books lining one of the walls are a nice touch . the menu is tempting and succinct : there are only a couple of choices for each course , so everything is well thought out , pleasantly presented and very tasty ( try the fish and chips ) . my boyfriend is rather fussy when it comes to pubs , but this is somewhere that has us both satisfied ; it 's gastro enough for me and pub - by enough for him ."
0 "gary really is horrible . i bougt the groupon and used it a few months ago . my 6-year old could have painted my toes better . nails - so , so ... but they came off w / i 2 days - highly annoying . enduring gary 's company , however , is the worst ... he incessantly discusses either ( i ) how great he is or ( ii ) how many women want him and what a \""sexual creature\ "" he is ( ick ! ) . i bought another groupon as a gift , but i do n't hate anyone enough to give it to them ."
0 "we went to chompies on tatum to have a nice sunday breakfast and got the waiter from hell ... donald . he was rude - acted like he was doing us a great favor by waiting on us , we had to ask for coffee refills over and over , when our orders came 75 % of them were incorrect and then when the bill came , it was all screwed up and had to be changed at least twice to finally get it right , what the heck ? ? ? this is what he chooses to do . he is an horrible representative for chompies . we will never sit in his section again , that is if he is still employed there . we love their food and most of all of their servers but this guy ruined it for us for a while . most sad . a dining experience should not be like that ."
0 "these folks were great when i signed my lease , but since then , it 's been a battle over most everything you could imagine when one rents a property ... whether some repair issues or hoa notices for every blessed thing you could imagine under the sun.\n\nthe yard was overgrown with weeds ( was told more than one time that it would be taken care of asap ) . before i could even finish unpacking ( while waiting on them to do what they said they 'd do ) , i got a nice little welcome letter ( sarcasm here ) from the hoa folks after only being in the home for 2 weeks - not appreciated , at all ! big surprise ... it never got done . i had to do it ... front & back.\n\nand good luck trying to reach them by phone . that 's a total joke ! you ca n't even leave a message on voice mail about 90 % of the time ( mail box for whomever you get is usually full ) . their posted hours ( on their phone recording ) indicate they are open until 5 ( ha ) ! even in the times i have been fortunate enough to be able to leave a message on someone 's voice mail , i 've never gotten a return call.\n\ni had the \""pleasure\ "" of reaching a humanoid there once , and she was absolutely the rudest person i think i 'd ever encountered.\n\ni have rented properties for about a decade now , and never have i been so dissatisfied with a property management company . wo n't be renting another property again with rpm , and that 's a fact , jack !"
1 "this place is pretty good ! it might be all manicures , but mine chipped in about 2 days . but , it 's cheap and they do a good job . the manicure looked great and professional . my toes look awesome too , and those always last a long time ! \nthe only reason why i 'm not giving 5 stars is because they made me walk to an atm to pay in cash when they do take credit cards , they just prefer cash . i did n't appreciate the inconvenience . \nalso , the hot rocks were burning my arms and so i pulled away . the man doing the manicure sort of laughed at me and then ridiculed me for not \""speaking up\ "" and telling me that i need to speak up about things . how about you just use less hot rocks ? that 's not the type of person i am to yell at people about things , sorry ! \nthey did n't hurt me at all , which is rare for me , so that 's definitely a bonus . but , i recommend not letting them do the callus treatment , it made my feet worse !"
0 "parking lot located clear out beyond the mall inside of the hotel . makes for quite a long walk . pool is also not located very wisely . if you want to go swimming you have to walk thru the mall in your swimsuit and towel to get to the pool . stupid ! it 's all about how much more they can extract from your pocket before you make it to your room.\nhotel has odd smell throughout . room was clean , although the door on the entertainment center was ripped off . bathroom was roomy and tub very large and welcoming . \nmy husband and i were approached twice by women in the hotel asking if we wanted company . uh , how about hell no!\ni wo n't be going back here . i only went here for a medical convention for work ."
1 love this place ! wish we had one here in ca . great vibe once you walk through that door . fantastic drinks and goodies ! !
1 i love me mexican food ! and being latina and finding great traditional mexican food is very hard . this place has won my heart with mexican food ! delicioso ! !
0 "meh . when you are hungry and want something close to your room , i guess this place is semi decent.\n\neverything was bland . nothing to write home about or worthy of the 15 - 25 dollar a plate range . we all had to put salt and pepper on our entrees and it never put salt on anything.\ni'd move on to the next restaurant or hit the buffet before is eat here ever again . \nservice was slow as well and the place was close to empty on a monday morning ."
1 had amazing drinks and a fantastic dining experience at the bar with a couple of friends ! everything was great !
1 "je fais livrer la pizza depuis longtemps , la pate est succulante moilleuse et croustillante en meme temps , il y a une tonne de garniture , le fromage coule ! c'est une pizza qui ne se mange pas sur le pousse . en plus , c'est des gros morceaux de vrai bacon ... \n\nc'est sure que c'est peut - etre plus cher qu'une pizzeria commerciale , mais tu en as plus et de la qualite en plus . \n\nles sous - marins aussi sont bons et la poutine est tres surprenante en livraison . encore la une tonne de fromage et des frites croustillantes !"
0 "booked online with this company and called to confirm my pick up would in fact take me to where i needed to go as it appeared it was out of their \""zones\ "" and the person on the phone was very condescending and upon being treated like i was dumb i cancelled the future ride . will not even look into trying to use them again , i 'll gladly pay more for a company that treats me with respect ."
0 "well first of all it is a great place to be good music and decent drink prices . the stupid part is the \""dress code\ "" not sure if they are aware but mill ave is nt the most glamorous place in az . i was n't allowed in cause of my high tops , which is stupid cause more then 95 % of people on mill wear them , the worst part was i was wearing boot cut pant so no ome could see what shoes i was wearing . this place lost a regular customer ."
1 "i love this place ! i recently started going and its great ! i even love the lazy cat that lounges around ! ( secretly i check to make sure its still alive ) - but all in all , love it !"
0 i will not be returning here . they are way expensive . an order of general chicken with a spring roll is $ 14 ! you can get double the food and better food at the at other local places . i am a huge fan of chinese and this is one of the worst . the general chicken had a bitter taste and was not sweet . there were more vegetables than actual meat . every place i have been gives you two spring rolls for $ 1.50 . here they charge the same but for only one . the food was fast but that 's about to it . i would certainly look elsewhere . there is better chinese food at better prices .
1 "did n't actually succeed in my first attempt to eat here , i tried to come in near close on a thursday and was turned away at 9:55 which would have been fine if my buddy had not called in to say we were arriving and the person who answered the phone said that they were staying open till 10 . to make matters worse , the hostess was not present at her station and even when she finally came , she proceeded to chat away for a couple minutes before noticing that we were just standing there . off the strip , i would n't be surprised , on the strip , completely unacceptable , -1 star.\n\nsecond attempt , i had the grilled fillet and shrimp enchilada . excellent dish , a little salty , but otherwise a powerful combo with the cayenne sauce supporting the milder flavors of the enchilada and the lobster sauce an excellent contrast to the fillet . peach lemonade , love the added carbonation , might i suggest an iced tea version ? we started with the top chef appetizer , a nice trio with shrimp in some sort of dark sauce ( political statement on gulf ? ) , assorted greens , and a breaded something ( ca n't exactly remember what the filler was ) . the portions were skimpy , i 'm a big eater . pineapple upside down cake , ok , nothing spectacular , standard cake with pineapple mixed in with pineapple ice cream ."
1 love it here ! great beds ... always see amazing results ! staff is very knowledgeable and friendly ! good prices and a variety of lotions to chose from at any price point ! have been coming here for months and will continue ! so happy to find such a great place so close home ! ! !
1 "i love this place . it 's probably the best thing that has happened to an airport . just imagine a great place for food , not expensive , and inside an airport ... usually , you have these chains and generic restaurants in there but not at sky harbor . there 's an lgo.\n\nthere 's already an lgo \""intersection\ "" in phoenix with the pizzeria , bakery , burger place and grocery . the food is great there . i compared the prices at the airport with the regular prices and they were the same ! you would figured that you would get charged an arm and a leg because it 's inside an airport . but no ... great food , same price.\n\ni love the english muffins , the kale salad and pizza . the sea salt chocolate chip cookie is good too . so if you are in terminal 4 flying southwest , you can head toward gates c - d and grab some good food . it 's worth the walk ... or a ride on the moving walkway . you 'll get there in like 2 minutes!\n\nthe food is really good , the price is fair , the staff is great , and you have a huge variety of items to choose from on the menu . sandwiches , pastries , pizza , salad , soup , etc . go try it out next time , and then go to the regular lgo location too . you 'll love that you did . :)"
1 we ordered food from my job yesterday and the food was so good .it was very stressed and delivered in about 20 to 25 minutes i was very impressed .the only thing i would do differently is next time i 'll get the hot habanero sauce i need a little more spice .thank you from the staff at valley hospital .
1 "up a few steps then your in sort of place . tailors is central and i assume run by two or three women - they always seem to be there when i 'm in ; not sure if they are sisters , but they give off that vibe like they 've been running this business for years they are also pretty vocal and like to share thoughts and ideas.\n\na constantly busy place , brides in getting alterations done to dresses , peeps handing in or collecting trousers(what i was doing ) , fitting rooms to the left , working area to right of the reception with sewing machines buzzing.\n\nin all an ok service , maybe not as cheap as supermarkets to get your garments dry cleaned , but at least they most defo wo n't come back to you in a worse state like it might with a bigger chain , i 've heard this can happen!\n\ntrousers cleaned within 3 working days , but just make sure you keep your ticket , or goodness knows what items you or the brides might end up with ? !"
0 "first , i 'm going to call out several of these fake reviews and welcome any newbie yelpers to be my ' friend ' , but i know it wo n't happen.\n\nsecondly , within a two mile radius two indian food restaurants closed within a year , one just a month ago , and three new indian restaurants have opened . you have to either question the intelligence or admire the huevos of any business owner opening a restaurant amidst so much competition . unfortunately , in this case , it wo n't turn out to be such a bold , impressive move . i ca n't see these restaurants all surviving in the area at the same time , and the best will find it 's way to the top . \nit wo n't be indian paradise 2 . \n\nafter a couple of tries , this place is just not that good . \nthey offer a somewhat larger appearing selection than some of the other indian buffets . the first visit , when they had a busy rush due to their grand opening , this larger selection seemed like a good thing . however , on the second visit , when it was slower , the food was sitting out aging for too long compared to their customer count , so it did not stay fresh . \n\nthe dishes are decidedly unimpressive , and ethnically confusing . imagine a dish that is basically a chinese lo mein noodle , with a flavor profile similar to mexican spanish rice , and there 's also a chinese chicken dish with indian spices . there was a decent curry , but the masala tasted like salsa . ( perhaps the written recipe had a typo , who knows ? ) the \""mango\ "" chutney and custard have mango - flavored pears and other mixed canned fruit bits . \n\nthe bread that came as i finished my lunch was hot and fresh , and very full of fresh garlic bits , but also had some weird anise seed baked into the dough , imparting an odd licoricey flavor that i did n't enjoy.\n\nsitting down to a stella artois water glass was just stupid , and the multiple pieces of fly paper strips hanging from the ceiling , one over a food prep / bar area , the other over a customer dining table , just really ensured that i wo n't be back , not even to fall for another $ 2 off coupon.\n\ni am not sure which dish it was that my body chemistry altered as it attempted to digest , and it made me all burpy the entire afternoon - and the burps tasted like the non - marshmallow , oatey , catfood bits of lucky charms ."
0 "i wanted to like round corner cantina . i really did . but i have to say , after my first visit here i 'm not dying to come back.\n\nbefore you even enter this place you have to deal with something that is n't really their fault : parking . and navigating traffic . on butler street . always a joy ! once i managed to deal with this step and actually entered cantina i was n't really encouraged ; the music was playing too loudly for my taste in the front room and was n't much better in their back room , which was so dark i had to wonder how people even read their menus if they sit there . \n\nlooking for somewhere a bit quieter and brighter , my dinner companion and i headed to their outdoor patio , where we found high tables and chairs that i honestly thought i 'd fall off of at some point during the meal , they were so unsteady . fortunately that never happened , because we were right next to a part of the fence where the beams were extremely splintered - just thinking about tipping into them was painful!\n\nunfortunately , the service did absolutely nothing to improve my opinion of the place ; i watched three tables that arrived after us get service . no one ever came to our table . after we finally flagged a waitress attending to a group a couple tables over , she said she 'd grab our waitress . and we waited some more . while we waited the waitress that we flagged down went ahead and brought us some water ... that came in plastic cups . i shudder to imagine just how much trash this place discards every day from these cups alone ... \n\nafter finally ordering and waiting for what at least was n't an unreasonable amount of time , i was able to enjoy a pretty tasty drink that came in a jar ( they have jars for alcohol but not for your water ? ) but was disappointed with my pork tacos . the shells were kind of mushy and the sauce and toppings minimal ; mine just did n't taste all that special . my dinner companion 's fish tacos were actually better ; i kind of wish we 'd swapped.\n\ni left just feeling let down . i honestly would 've been happy to forgive this place 's rustic look and loud music if the service and food were a bit better , but as it is i just do n't see anything here that i 'd want to brave the dreaded butler street traffic again for ."
0 "seriously sketchy . last time i was here cops had three people handcuffed lying in their stomachs . there are never any open registers . the produce is disgusting . half of the parking lot lights are out , and if the people outside are anything like the people inside , i 'd rather not be in the dark with them ."
1 "we stopped in here after reading the yelp reviews , and it is a really good place . the restaurant is pretty small , but the food was good . we ordered the beef wraps , beef curry , and a beef and noodle vegetable dish , along with a durian slushy and banana mango smoothie . we had stomachaches eating at wahoos before , and this place is so much better . the price was good too , and i felt full after eating here ."
1 i recently had a great experience at austin village eyecare . the staff was great and i was able to set up an appointment in no time . dr. bhat was thorough and took extra time to explain and discuss all of my options . extremely convenient and the office is very clean and modern . thanks dr. bhat !
1 "i stumbled on this place while out and about . my wife and i were looking for a new bed ( just headboard , footboard and rails ) we stopped it just to see what they had . the ended up having exactly what we were looking for . the price was very good and so we bought it and set delivery . afterwards i read the reviews of this place , and normally i would have avoided it if i had read the reviews before i went in . however , after working with them myself i have very little complaints . let me say , if you are expecting five star service then this is not your place . you get what you pay for . if you want to get five star service you have to pay for it . this is a low price furniture store . the people in store are very friendly and most of the people i dealt with were super nice and helpful . especially the delivery people . i think the biggest issue is that previous reviewers are not asking the right questions before they buy . so below are a few pointers on that . before that i will say i got what i ordered , in good condition , and delivered when they said it would be . so i give them 3.5 stars rounding up to four for the friendly service.\n\npointers\n\nfirst you must understand , unlike rc willey and your larger companies , stores like this do not really have a warehouse of furniture . they have to rely on the manufacturer to have it in their warehouse in california and get it to them in time for delivery.\n\nwith the above said , you should always ask if the product is in stock in the manufacturer 's warehouse ( they can check this fairly easily . if it is then you will definitely receive it very quickly . if not , be prepared to wait a while , because they can not get it until the manufacturer provides it.\n\nif you do the above you will have a much better experience with stores such as this one . i honestly would not recommend purchasing unless they do not have it in stock though . it could cause a long wait and much stress on your part ."
0 "soggy overpriced fast food burger with allot of hype . when you have to cover the walls with quotes how good your product is , then you have to something to hide ."
1 "my wife and i were a little disappointed by a menu with 5 options ( plus one dessert ) and almost walked out when nothing jumped out at us . but we put our faith in the yelp ! community . \nso glad we stayed ! we shared a couple things and it was one of the best lunches we 've had anywhere . our favorite was the the summer squash salad , but everything was amazing . will definitely be back next time in scottsdale ."
1 really enjoyed the taco salad i got . authentic food and fresh tasting . really enjoyed the dressing on the salad .
0 well i have stayed at every marriott hotel in vegas at one time or another .. or so i thought stayed for a day trip and found the only hotel that was time warped back to 1995 . fairly clean and staff is professional but hotel is very very out of date and needs paint and carpet etc ... come on marriott update this dog or put her down !
1 "it was 1 am on monday morning . we all had early flights to catch , and we just wanted something cheap and delicious to end another fun trip to vegas . somehow we found ourselves in bill 's gamblin ' hall because one of our friends could swear they had steak and eggs . luckily , they did and it was only $ 6.99 . it came with eggs , hash brown , toast , and steak . our server ( ervin ) was super nice . our orders came out just as we wanted them ( and we all asked for different ways to cook the eggs and steak ) . all - in - all , we left as very happy and full customers !"
0 "great salmon salad . the salmon was cooked to perfection . servings are huge ! the kids enjoyed their pancake and mac n cheese . great atmosphere!\n\nunfortunately , the service was n't so amazing . teresa , our server was pleasant . once she brought us our food , the attention came to a halt . luckily , we did n't require refills for our drinks . she dropped the check off early and tended to her other tables . we waited more than an extra 15 minutes until we finally waves her down to ask her for a to - go box . but once we stood up , the checkbook from our table was picked up quickly !"
0 "a year ago i 'd have given them at least four stars . the ambiance was great , cool decor , food was tasty and reasonable , service was friendly , and the beer selection was really good . however , i 've kinda given up on this place . for the past year , they 've been saying that their kitchen would be open \""soon.\ "" for a good month , probably 6 weeks now , they 've had a sign up outside that says their kitchen will be open \""really soon.\ "" well ... a year ai n't \""soon\ "" folks . many times i drove up from old town scottsdale to go enjoy a few beverages and a good meal there . but as i said , i 've given up on this place . not quite sure how they 're staying afloat anymore ."
1 "this place is awesomeness in its entirety , minus it 's tucked away . that could be a good thing though . the decor is delightful ( pics to follow ) and the staff is wonderful ! usually they have a wait but today people must be bbqing . one thing that stands out\nabout this cafe as opposed to others is that it 's family owned & run and they wear pajamas while serving you . love it ! riley was a fantastic server . she was helpful with suggestions and a joy to have . i 'm a fan , this place is consistently on point . if you 're in the southwest side of town , you must give them a try . definitely in vegas ' top brunch spots !"
0 "we ordered the poutine . no gravy and was flavorless ! beer pretzels were gross ! ! ! ran out of caesar dressing so could n't get a salad . bottom line , do n't come here for the food . just the beer and cute wait staff ."
0 "i will admit that i primarily use yelp to read other reviews , but after my experience here , i think it 's time to write my first review . but i will try to keep it short . \n\nso i came here as i received a gift car for my birthday , and i was extremely excited for my full spa day as i really needed it . needless to say , it started great and ended horribly . \n\ni started with a facial by adrienne , and she was amazing ! if you decide to get a facial here , please go to her.\n\nnext i received a massage by lamberto . he started off good , really focused on stressed areas , but then it got bad when he decided to hold full blown conversations while doing the massage , which took away from the relaxing mood . so if you get a massage , he 's good , just let him know in the beginning you want quite.\n\nand now the real reason for the 2 star rating .... her name is julie . and do not go to her if you do n't want your time wasted . she was supposed to give me a mani / pedi , but i do n't know what to call what she did . super nice , but ca n't do a proper mani / pedi to save her life . i asked for a flower on my toe that ended up looking like a spider , so i asked her to take it off , asked for a \""rockstar\ "" glitter nail , she completely did n't spend the time to make sure my nail was fully covered and then did n't mention that there was an extra charge for the one nail of glitter . which by the way it looked , she should have paid me , not the other way around . again , sweet lady , but avoid her if you actually want your toes and nails to look like a professional handled them ."
1 "look out firefly , there 's a new tapas place in town . luckily for me , it 's in my hood ! \nto start , i 've been reading the reviews on this place since day 1 , yelp prompted me to my neighborhood goods . i figured the first 3 - 5 reviews were friends or family trying to hype this place up . too good to be true type stuff . \nso of course when i heard about molly 's uye , and with me recently becoming elite , i was totally in ! my boyfriend joined me , and we arrived just a few minutes early . overall the event part was great , and i love all my new yelp friends . 5 stars for that part no doubt ! my nerves were quickly settled with everyone being welcoming . \nthe food part was decent , and has potential to be really good . we ordered a monte cristo , good and filling but the ham inside was just eh . the chicken littles , very good . the sauce was unique and addicting . the tempura veggies . 2 outta 5 . not crunchy enough n a little mushy . the albondigas . great , but more like over baked risotto balls to me . either way , i 'd order them again . i had the special , spicy noodle soup with tofu , a salty spicy ramen with a few veggies . the cookie - mon at the end was the best part , a gooey warm choc chop cookie with ice cream , yes please ! also tasted the truffle tots and thai jerkey of some other yelpers , enjoyed them both . i seen a few complain about the price but for all i mentioned as well as 2 of the watery strawberry lemonades , ( yes the ones i should have listened and not ordred ) but our tab was $ 45 and i thought it was priced great . one of the main reasons i will return actually . i hope this place works out it 's few kinks and keeps up the good work . the employees were nice , the atmosphere was friendly . excited to come again and see if i get the same attention as a stranger ."
0 i ask for a soda water with a lemon and got it with a lime . ask to have my steak medium and it was under cooked ... medium rare . i expected better service and better food for the money . they recooked my sirloin .... didn't give me a new one . i ordered sirloin oscar so the bernaise sauce was not replace thus the dish was ruined . i will not be back and wish i would have gone to longhorn steakhouse .
0 this place deleted my last review . but you should all be warned before coming here so i 'm rewriting a summary.\n\nworst doctor i 've ever been to . the technicians put their hands on you without your permission and it take the doctor 30 minutes to just sign a piece of paper cause everyone that works for him is an idiot . i was literally there for 3 hours . thank god my insurance has other places that i can go to cause i refuse to torture myself with this crap place ever again .
1 this was called blockbuster pavillion for years . i 've only been here three times . once in college for foreigner . they could n't sell enough tix so they gave them away near the dorms . next time was almost ten yrs later for van halen . kind of cool - whoopie goldberg introduced the band . and then lawn seats for aerosmith . great place to catch a show if you can get seat seats . do n't even bother with the lawn . hardly any grass and you have further to walk to the bathrooms and beverage centers .
0 "2.5 stars -- i 've been here about 5 maybe 6 times now and i 'm still not impressed . i 've stuck with the noodle dishes ( pad see ew , pad thai , chicken noodle ) and the noodles are always soggy . i i think i forget every time i head out for thai ( there are 3 down the street from me ) that this is not my favorite . i think i just hope that it will get better with each visit , but that has not been the case . the portion sizes are smaller than average . the flavors are often bland . the curry dishes i 've tried were always more watery than i prefer . i think i 'll stick with the other thai options downtown . \n ... and they 're closed on sundays ! ! ( the days i typically crave thai food )"
1 "this place is the perfect man cave.\n\ntremendous selection in their large humidor , highly knowledgable staff , a smoking room with deep leather chairs and a big tv.\n\nbest of all , it 's byob ! my buddies and i have lately picked up beers at aj 's around the corner , brought them into the smoking room , lit some sticks and forgot about life for a while . i love churchill 's and will be coming back many more times ."
1 any place with dueling pianos wins points with me . i do n't know that i would pick this place to eat but it makes for a great after dinner pub . the decor is your usual irish pub with a strong focus on dark wood and heavy furniture . we were able to kind of steak out a little nook where we drank and talked amongst ourselves before meeting a few people seated near us .
0 "i have been to this location multiple times before with okay results . however , lately my visits to this store have been a huge joke . there is never anyone on the sales floor and i have to go hunt someone down if i want to check out . additionally , they used to have so much more of a selection . do n't waste time or money here , go to a different store ."
0 where is eddie or eddy ? ? ? ? ? i will not come here any longer if eddie is not available . to the point a rude service . technician never looked me in the eye and was turned away from me joking and yakking it up with her colleagues . \nthe place looked like a bomb went off . \ni have been getting decent to good service till now . but this will be the end if eddy is not available.\nalso : everyone of the technicians picks up or checks their personal phone .... while working on your feet or hands .
0 "i thought everyone 's opinion made this a safe place to live it up ..... wrong.\n did n't try the food , thank god , as the small house payment for two coffees smaller than a senior cup at mcdonalds was horrifying enough!\n as we waited for our coffee every employee in the place approached us at least twice to try to seat us . not in a solicitous way , more of a creepy , boss stalker way.\n would n't go back for a free crepe , luckily i do n't think they would offer . a crepe is probably more costly than most vacations.\n it tasted ok , but was $ 9 for what was seriously less than 1/2 cup total coffee in two cups.\n even the server apologized that my tiny cup was mostly empty . i think cocaine us cheaper ."
0 "my family and i decided to give this place a try , especially seeing what great reviews were said on yelp . we got there during the lunch hour , for a table of 8 we had to wait 45 minutes which was understandable . when we were waiting inside , we noticed the buffet option but opted to order from the menu since the lunch buffet looked basic . when the food arrived , we all agreed that the food was delicious but many other thai restaurants down the street offer the same great taste for half the price and double the size . food may be great but their service was horrendous . for a restaurant with such great reviews , i was surprised we had to wait 30 mins for water and made many , many attempts to gather a waiter 's attention for our check . our party left unsatisfied and made a quick stop at mcdonalds because we were still hungry . based on price , portion , and service ... i would n't return or recommend this place which is why i give two stars ."
0 "terrible management . inconsistent carding policies . crabby servers . too dark , extremely loud , and below average food . do n't waste your time ."
1 "nightclub review : love the music , love the multiple rooms , and love the people that go there to have a good time . staff is friendly and helpful and there to make sure you have a good time . \n\nthe place is visual overload and grand central station for over - stimulation ( feel free to use that in your marketing collateral ) . \n\nnice work , marquee , you 'll have us back very soon ."
0 "horrible service combined with bad food . waitress started out with a bad attitude and a complete lack of desire to meet customer needs . everything was a \""no\ "" rather than a \""i'll see what i can do.\ "" her helper brought my entree before the appetizer . i sent it back . 15 minutes later when i was done with the appetizer the waitress brought the same plate of food out ! it had been baking under the heat lamp ! they never filled my water glass . salmon was dry and they were out of potatoes . now waiting to see if waitress checks and notices i 'm ready for my check . never again at this place ! ( i ended up waiting for the check for about 10 minutes . ) i ended up telling the waitress as i left how frustrated i was with my experience . she said she was sorry . i left in a hurry before she called me \""hon\ "" one more time !"
0 they forgot to pick me up for my return flight after i made the reservations online days prior and called twice to verify my pickup time ! they sent another driver to get me after i waited for over one hour ! i almost missed my flight!!!!\n\njust take a cab !
0 "i have been going to european wax center for over 2 years , have visited 4 of the valley locations . this one is by far the most unprofessional . i was there yesterday , showed up a few minutes early . i was called back , no one was in the waiting room , we started the service and the front desk called and they had screwed up and someone else was scheduled before so they made the girl stop and switch around . i 'm sorry , but once the appointment is started it 's completely unprofessional to stop mid - way for your screw up . i was pissed enough i walked out and will never visit this location again ."
0 "this is the worst vegas hotel i 've ever stayed at ! the room smelled like mildew , the bathroom was filthy , and there were cobwebs in the corner of the room ! the toilet had brown stains and the beds were two full sized ones with lumpy mattresses . on top of that , the staff was incredibly rude and had a lot of attitude , particularly the accounting / billing department ! i will never be staying here again ! avoid at all costs !"
1 "i am adding jasper 's peak in my favorite places to sit outside and eat , with my golden retriever . the tables are large , so there 's room for him to sit underneath the table and not disturb non - dog people . the food is good but most of the time i am eating the appetizers . there 's one with spicy shrimp that 's the best . the staff is very friendly . and , there 's a bit of a party atmosphere which i like ."
0 "this is a terrible bar ! terrible!\n\nthey drove out all of the good staff due to the owners insane rants . they have a strange smell , their \""pints\ "" are n't , they are in undersized glasses to \""look\ "" like pints . they are over priced , and the food quality has seriously suffered in the last year . save the trouble and go next door to san tan brewery !"
1 "if you like local hawaiian food , this is the place to go . comfort food for islanders and islanders - at - heart ."
0 "i am unsure if one star is low enough . we asked if they were ever referred to as the fake chipotle . the girl was very smug and replied , the difference is we make all our own food . hmmm , ok , well let 's give you a try . we wanted a chicken burrito and a chicken salad . the girl was slowly making quesadillas one at a time , and said our order would be a while . when our order arrived , the salad was tiny and all thrown together . the burrito was supposed to have guacamole , and had a tiny bit in one end . beans were undercooked and tasteless . rice was bland and resembled minute rice from a box . chicken had no identifiable flavor at all . we were not impressed with the food , atmosphere , ie wwf smack down really loud , or the food . there were only a handful of people there , and the quality of the food is probably why . we wo n't be going back . a real chipotle is always close by ."
0 rigatoni w/ pita bread side was fair warning .
0 one word : assault . two words : charges pending . \n\ndo not go to this bar . the bouncer assaulted my best friend -- i would hate to think it is because he was a gay male on the westside of town but no other reasons come to mind .
0 "been wanting to check this place out for quite some time . first time yesterday , aug 24 , wife and i went there for breakfast.\ni ordered the country fried steak and eggs ... most expensive item on menu , $ 12.49 . new york steak & eggs cheaper.\nnot a good deal . flavor was very poor . gravy had no flavor at all ! ! very disappointing . most flavorful was the smuckers jelly.\none waiter who was obviously overwhelmed with 5 tables!\nwon't be going back !"
0 "i 'm not sure i got the \""freddy\ "" everyone else is reviewing . the man who answered my call was very polite , came within the hour , did a good deal of work taking apart drains and the dishwasher to figure out the problem .... so far , so good.\n\nhe first said my problem was due to the cascade pacs not dissolving properly , which can cause back - up . that sounds reasonable . then he said it was a dishwasher malfunction . then he thought he got the machine working and went back to original theory.\n\nhe first quoted under $ 100 , then when he was finished it was $ 150 . i understand that being that he took apart quite a bit in the kitchen . i went to write the check and he asks to have it made out to his name ... which is n't freddy ( so is that going to him or the company ... is this legit ? ) and then he asks for cash instead . what company does business cash only ? he then informs me he has to cash the check at my bank because he 's \""in between banks\ "" ( hmmm ? ? ? ) . he calls me from the bank and says he needs an alternate form of payment because he ca n't cash the check at my bank since he 's not a member there . i do n't know of any bank that will let you cash a check there unless you have an account with them . this was a 2 hour ordeal that did not seem to be good business practice.\n\nhe says he will email the invoice.\ntried using the dishwasher today and it is still flashing \""intake drain\ "" and not going through the cycle since the water is stuck in the bottom of the dishwasher .... meaning it 's not fixed ."
0 "decent sushi , really lackluster service . \n\nwe waited several minutes to be seated even though there were very few people there ( at 7 pm on a saturday!)--there was no greeter , no one at the front desk . the waitress who finally noticed us and seated us seemed very distracted and rushed.\n\nto start , i ordered hot tea and my boyfriend ordered beer . our waitress came back with the beer and a water for me because she \""got caught up in something and forgot\ "" what i ordered . not only that , but during our 1 1/2 hour stay , she never once refilled my tea or asked either of us if we wanted another drink . \n\nmy boyfriend ordered the sushi deluxe , which comes with an assortment of nigiri plus a roll . his meal came without the roll , and when he asked the waitress about it , she seemed confused , then consulted a menu before realizing he was right . \n\nhis order came a good 10 minutes before mine , and while i understand that not everything will be ready at the same time , i would not expect to wait that long . and then it was a while longer before the forgotten roll came out . \n\ntowards the end of our meal , we overheard another waitress apologizing to another party about something , which , after having our waitress apologize several times for mistakes , did n't instill much confidence in the overall management of the place.\n\nit 's too bad , because we both enjoyed the sushi . and the menu seems more extensive than some other places in town . but with slow service , multiple mistakes , no drink refills , and the sense that it was a management issue , not just one waitress making mistakes or having an off day , this will not be our first choice for sushi in the future ."
1 mike was our server he was knowledgeable great personality very attentive the food and his service was awesome . we will definitely be back and ask for him .
0 "so so so so so so disappointed . \nwe personally love boutique hotels , service is usually spectacular and there 's usually extra care in putting together the rooms . not here . we booked two rooms with two queen beds each . we got only one room with two queen beds and one room with one king bed ... thanks ? \n\nthe ac ca n't be changed to your liking . our bathrooms came with two towels for four people . we were missing all of our soaps and shampoos . carpets are dirty . we were also given these basement rooms . wheelchair accessibility ? nope . no elevators ! they gave us a keurig machine for coffee but making yourself a cup costs two bucks a piece . wow.\n\nwe tried to ask the front desk how to get places , but they had no idea . slow clap?\n\n\ni guess the one star is for the free breakfast we received for all our \""trouble\ "" . yippee ."
1 always worth the drive
0 "it was our first time at sandbar , me and a friend got the jalepeno mac n cheese . and my boyfriend got the calamari . the jalepeno mac was missing the cheese and jalepeno ... it was tateless . and my bf had a hair in his calamari ! the waitress we had seemed to have an attitude , and when i told her it was our first time here she did n't even explain the menu . i do n't think she even introduced herself . the only reason i gave this place two stars is because the manager was very sweet and gave my bf a new plate of calamari and took it off our bill . she was very apologetic ! other than that , my experience was not great and i would rate it less ."
1 "the pleasance courtyard has over 450,000 visitors , sixteen venues , every entertainment under the sun , even a kids zone . it 's little wonder that for many people the pleasance is the heart of the fringe . go and see blam ! , the boy with tape on his face and more !"
0 "me and my gf just got done eating here . everything on the menu sounded great and we decided on the chicken benny and she decided on the sirloin sandwich daily special . my plate had plenty of food on it , but when i took the first bite it was unfortunately fairly cool , not warm at all . as i got to the center if the plate it did get a little warmer but it just was n't as hot as i like . my gfs sandwich was very big but she told me it was very bland tasting . i tried it and she was right it did n't have a delicious taste . i't was n't bad but for a 15 dollar sandwich and fries i think it could have been better . we have been wanting to eat here because we had coupons , but guess what they said that they could n't accept the coupon because it was a holiday . halloween , i guess i should have known better considering on the back it says not redeemable on holidays . come on who ever thought that halloween would fit into that category . well i was wrong ! so 32.00 dollars later i did have leftovers but that 's about it . i do n't know if we will be back , maybe one more try later . oh forgot to mention that the server only came to us about 2 times and never offered to refill our drinks . also she did n't offer a straw for our drinks . now that i think about it the only reason why i 'll be back is to use the coupon once and for all and to try the snickers pancakes ! happy halloween ."
0 "might as well have just walked across the street to denny 's . this was really kind of icky . i ended up getting their fancy oatmeal with maple syrup , soy milk and some dried fruit . crazy chewy fruit and when i put the soy milk in my coffee it never mixed - it just sat on top of the drink . eew . j\n\nbut if you do n't feel like leaving the hotel and need some sustenance , i suppose it would do in a pinch.\n\nreally the only thing it has going for it is the artwork that feels like it could fall on you at any moment !"
1 "toni has been a god send with a very reactive dog that i had . we worked hard , did the training and the investment of time , but toni was the one that was able to talk me through my options . she is invested in her commitment to what she does and is amazing in how she works with these dogs . i have referred several other people to her that have been very happy ."
0 "we normally love pei wei but yesterday when we went we ordered our normal order of chicken fried rice and pot stickers . when we got our fried rice there was a hair at least 4\ "" long weaves through the rice . so disgusting , i took the plate over to a server standing next to the manager and tried to get the managers ' attention ( he ignored me ) so i pulled the hair out of the rice and showed the the server . she took the plate from me not saying a word and followed me back to our table to pick up the bowl and took it back to the kitchen . i had to ask her a few minutes later if they were remaking it an she nodded yes . the manager never came over to our table and seemed to hide in the back until his shift ended . \none of our favorite restaurants and we will not be visiting for awhile !"
1 "you know you 're in vegas when there are slot machines at the airport . \n\nthis one of the few airports that gets you excited upon off - boarding the plane . there 's the distinct sound of bell chimes from the slot machines in the air as you gravitate towards them as if you were hypnotized . well , it has that effect on the wifey , but not me . * coughs , coughs*\n\nyou see the big \""welcome to las vegas\ "" sign inside the terminal as you approach the baggage claim area and you get more excited at what lies ahead . \n\nthe layout of the airport is pretty basic and easy to navigate . they even have free shuttles provided to take you to the car rental facility just a few miles from the airport ; 420 seconds according to the shuttle driver from either direction.\n\nand the free wi - fi is a lot stronger and better compared to sfo 's wi - fi ."
1 "k'os is a great place to go for happy hour . they have awesome specials and the drink prices are n't bad at all . i 've been here multiple times , and i have never had bad service . the patio is a dog friendly patio , which is nice . we go there for the sports games because there are 6 different tv 's outside playing the different games , and you can get a little sound box for your table that will play the audio for the game you want to watch , which i thought was super cool . if you 're looking to have some fun and watch a game and have some drinks , i would suggest you try k'os ."
0 "this place was highly recommended by our friends and we were hoping to also like it . first off , i called and asked if i could bring a small birthday cake for my husband 's birthday . the lady on the phone said it was not an issue . we got there and it was packed on a friday night . the hostess said it would be 20 minutes for a table . literally two seconds later , there was a four person table cleared . i asked for the table and she got someone to clean it for us . the place was busy and noisy . the menu was limited and average priced for most items . i craved noodles so ordered the pad - seiw . the noodles were alright . somehow seems like there should be basil in the dish and not a bunch of cauliflower . the hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice . later our server later came back to tell us that they were going to charge us 5 dollars for bringing our own cake . nice how that was not mentioned on the phone or when she first took the cake to the fridge for us . so sadly we will not be returning . thai rama has much better food and service ."
0 "1 star ? why ? 2 words - food poisoning on the night of 11/05/2011\n\ntotally ruined my last date night with my wife before i deploy for the military when you are praying to the porcelain gods hurling with nori blowing out of your nose ... graphic i know ... \n\n\nto top it off , the rolls were mediocre compared to sushi twister and sushi xtreme and the service was slow for the amount of people in the restaurant . \n\nwhat are my credentials to be badmouthing this \""highly\ "" rated yelp institution ? 5 years living on honolulu and knowing what sushi restaurants are supposed to taste like , but what do i know ... uggh worst night ever afterwards smh"
1 "very nice store , they have everything u need\nnice people to do business with ."
1 "a girlfriend and i hired dianne for our \""hot mommas\ "" birthday party . dianne did an amazing job . she painted all of the children 's faces , then all the moms . most of us had images from websites we wanted her to recreate ( think cirque du soliel ) and they turned out better than the original ! we got a lot of attention when we went dancing . very talented . awesome personality . we 'll be calling dianne again ."
1 "wonderful!\n\n i love this place . i would have never tried it on my own , but a friend introduced me to it and i have loved it ever since . they have a cool decor and great food . i recommend the panang curry and pad see ewe . both are delicious . \n\n they have weird hours with a gap during the afternoon and are closed one day a week i think , but definitely a place worth checking out . you wo nt be disappointed ."
1 "i 've only been here a couple times , but it 's definitely nice for a casino that 's way off the strip . everything feels new and clean and the air is n't too smoky . \n\ni was there on a long holiday weekend . my only major gripe was they did n't have enough tables open . sometimes gamblers want a variety . if i 'm not doing well on one blackjack table , i might want to switch to another . they did have $ 5 min . tables which was surprising during the holidays though.\n\ndrink service was also pretty slow . it took about half an hour to get the drink i ordered which is pretty slow considering there were n't many players at the time ."
0 "this place was n't for me - not because it was n't nice ( we got upgraded to a beautiful room ) , but simply because of the location . i 'm in my twenties and was looking to party and be where the action is - and i was really upset because we were so far away from anything fun . i actually wanted to switch hotels but it was too late . we spent a fourtune taxi - ing to center strip , because waiting an hour for a shuttle to take us there never really worked out ( especially if you go at nighttime , the shuttles do n't run late . ) we could have used our taxi money to stay center strip at somewhere equally as nice - and we probably would have got more exercise walking everywhere rather than cabbing ( i also love walking . ) also , i did n't like any of the restaurants available - there was low - quality cheap fast food or high - quality super fancy expensive restaurants - nothing in the middle . i wanted great food , plenty of exercise , and to be in the heart of the action - so the palms was n't for me . \n\nhowever - if you 're looking for somewhere nice that you can totally relax or gamble off strip at affordable prices , then this is it . i just was n't in it to relax ( or gamble . )"
1 "i found this place through yelp reviews and it did not disappoint . overall , the service was decent and the food was great . we 'll definitely be back again for the food . our waitress was n't too attentive to us once the food came out since we ran out of coffee half way through the meal . she may have been new since she had to come back and ask my friend how she wanted her eggs on a breakfast sandwich and when asked which menu item was better she was unsure what to recommend and she seem a little unorganized with the checking out process ( ie took my friend 's check who paid cash and did n't bring back the change until asked , etc ) ."
1 "the ayce sushi was a treat today ! i went for lunch and was seated right away at the sushi bar . the staff is extremely attentive , my tea did n't run out one time ! i ordered a couple of the specialty rolls : captain 's special and japanese lasagna . the captains special is one of my new faves , it 's covered in the spicy garlic ponzu and the spicy mayo . i had green mussels that were cooked to perfection . i really enjoyed the nigiri sushi i ordered . the pieces were smaller which made it nice for me to try several different kinds . the yellow tail was very fresh ! the shrimp tempura was okay ... it tasted a bit like onions , which it was fried with . i did find it odd that the shrimp tempura appetizer not only comes with 2 pieces of shrimp but also potatoes , carrots and onions ( fillers ! ) the sushi chef was very friendly and seemed to really enjoy himself . pumi is one of the less expensive ayce sushi restaurants , at $ 20.95 pp for lunch ."
1 "i do n't even know where to begin!\n\nfood , ambiance , service , atmosphere , everything was above and beyond . \n\nwe were shopping at the union and decided to stay there for dinner . place looked great but since we never tried their food we were not sure what to expect . and then ... what an amazing surprise ... \n\nthe food was absolutely amazing . i had tomato basil soup , which was amazing . then for the main course i ordered baby octopus that was served with mashed potatoes , old bay aioli and breadcrumbs . it was out of this world . the portion was really small but you do not want plate of entire octopus on it ... just saying . \n\nmy boyfriend had mushroom pizza with house made sausage , garlic and thyme . he was as well blown away . i had to have a piece because it looked so good and i did n't want him to eat entire pizza by him self . the crust was awesome . it was tender but yet crispy throughout . it was full of flavors . i had to pick sausages out as i do not eat pork but he said they were the bomb . \n\ndrinks were to die for as well . we had ways&means ( bourbon , sweet vermouth , 2 bitters , maple ) and high tide ( gin , orange , lime , mint ) . they were very different from each other but flavors were amazing on both . \n\nservice was just out of this world as well . our server was really helpful by explaining the menu , checking on us in timely manner and getting us exactly what we needed when we needed it . \n\nthis is a kind of a place that i will keep going back to . they have a beautiful fire pit outside , which is perfect to have a drink by on the semi - cold phoenix nights . \n\nthank you unique but absolutely amazing forge and crew , we will be coming back for sure !"
0 "i have never seen such an unkept course . i would not be writing this review if i had payed $ 10 to play here but they charged us $ 50 ! the cart paths were rough , the grass was yellow , and the greens looked like a disease was growing on them ."
1 "this place is essentially your standard all you can eat brazilian meat buffet . i made the mistake of partaking in the bread , thereby filling me up substantially before the meat festivities began . i could n't help it though , because that chimichurri sauce that comes served with the bread was so garlicky and delicious.\n\nby the time the servers came around , i was nearly full from appetizers alone . yes , i know i made the one cardinal mistake that one is not supposed to do when eating at an establishment such as this , but i have a weakness for the chimichurri which , by the way , goes great on the sirloin and lamb cuts ."
0 "this place is a hotspot for hipsters . i went there a year ago on a date because she was a big fan of mexican food , as am i. she ordered a burrito and i got three tacos : 2 fish and 1 carne asada . we also got the almond horchata . \n\nthe food was incredibly forgettable . it was n't spicy or flavorful in any way . the presentation was great but who cares if the food is bland . we were both very disappointed in the food as well as the horchata . i got the feeling that this place was so busy creating a hipster - friendly environment that they forgot to worry about their food . \n\noverall , the place had a cool look , friendly service , and the prices were n't terrible but i 'm never going back simply because the food was not that good . i 'll be hitting up joe 's bbq across the street if i 'm ever in the neighborhood again ."
1 cool atmosphere with a great view ! love the decor and the open air feel ... reminds me of seattle 's pike place market . my favorite is the chicken pot pie bites and the wrapped dates ... to die for ! went yesterday and enjoyed special pricing for sangria and mimosas . love this place !
1 "it 's no surprise that the bagels and shmears are wonderful . this location is the closest to my parents ' house and my mom loves einstein bros. bagels , so this is where we visit . the interior is very nice and cozy . the staff is very friendly and accommodating . i love the selection of bagel flavors ( everything , potato , asiago cheese , and sesame seed are some of my favorites ) and the reduced - fat whipped shmears are so , so good ( sun - dried tomato basil , garlic & herb , onion & chive are my go - to flavors , but they 're really all delicious except the smoked salmon ) . during the fall , they have delicious offerings like pumpkin walnut gourmet bagel and pumpkin shmear ( yum ! ) , adding to the fun . get the baker 's dozen box , which comes with two shmears , and freeze some for later . also , do n't forget to ask for a stamp card and have them slice your bagels !"
1 "did all new flooring in the house i just bought . did the entire downstairs in 18x18 tile , the stairs and all upstairs bedrooms minus the bathrooms in new mohawk smart strand carpet , and new baseboards in the whole house . this place was amazing . \n\ni first got quotes from nulook and home depot . nulook was much more expensive but had great reviews . affordable flooring had good reviews but not as many . after getting the quotes , we went into the stores to look at tile options . nulook was fairly standoffish , did n't offer much help , not unfriendly but not welcoming either . affordable flooring was amazingly nice . right when we walked in , i knew this was the place i 'd get my flooring done . staff is extremely knowledgeable on what they do and what they carry . travis helped pick the best tile for our house layout and his wife helped greatly with color decisions when we asked for input . we gave them our budget and they were willing to work with us , they told us exactly what they could do for our price , sent us home with tile and carpet samples free of charge and said to bring them back when we decide . they were not pushy to do more whatsoever and kept us within our budget for the project . \n\nin addition to being so polite , knowledgeable , and affordable , gomez and his team did an amazing job . we had painted the house the week before they came in to do the flooring and they installed the flooring leaving minimal spots needing touch up paint . found no problems with the tile , nor the carpet , and the baseboards were done perfectly . \n\ni would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking to do flooring ! in fact i already have to another person at work who is just as satisfied with the job they completed in her house last week . this is the place to go for all flooring needs !"
0 "if you buy a groupon for here , buy at your own risk ! ! ! they have refused to accept them and wo n't even offer to use the purchased price towards any if their packages . groupon will not refund your money either ."
0 "i recently visited la torretta while spending the weekend in scottsdale . \nservice here is great , but everything else about this restaurant is horrible.\n\nwe arrived at 9 pm for our dinner reservation there were 4 other tables in the restaurant . we were seated promptly . our waiter was attentive , comical , and polite . \nwe opted out of appetizers and went straight for entrees . our food took forever to arrive . we waited about 40 mins for our dinner to arrive . i ordered the halibut special which came with a lemon artichoke / capers sauce with a side of ravioli , and steamed veggies . the halibut was a bit dry and the sauce was not good . it tasted like it came from a can . we also ordered the lasagna al saltimbocca . the description reads ( baked hand made wide ribbon pasta with ragu of wild mushrooms , veal and prosciutto ) regrettably , it ended up being regular lasagna with ground beef . there were no mushrooms , no veal , and no prosciutto . \n\nthe worst part of the dining experience was the bill . the halibut was $ 35 and the lasagna was $ 22 . frankly , you can get better italian food at maggiano 's . the great service does n't justify the overpriced food . do n't waste your hard earned cash at la torretta ."
1 "i went there with family and ordered fettucini alfredo . it was the best fettucini alfredo i 've ever tasted ! the staff was nice , the food was good ( tasted a bit of pizza too ! ) and the atmosphere was romantic . the only downside was that the restaurant was a bit small , but it 's perfect for the small romantic atmosphere ."
0 "roll the dice , and go to this location . i went here for nearly 6 months and got a different haircut from 6 different people . i 'm a guy ... short on the sides with clippers , scissors on top . nothing fancy.\n\nunfortunately that 's a bit too much for most of the folks who work here , bless their hearts . the final straw was last time when i 'm pretty sure they had the assistant who runs the cash register give me a haircut so someone could take a break . i had the distinct feeling he 'd never given a haircut before .... and i had to go home and \""fix it.\""\n\ni'm done going here . if you 're a guy , try out dan cercone hairstyling in bloomfield . it 's cheaper , faster , and better . and no , i do n't work there ."
1 "this place is putting out some pretty tasty food . it is located in a small outdoor strip mall and you might miss it as it is tucked away in the corner . i have been here several times and each time the food is very good . i usually order one of the fusion items , which is a nice mix of korean and mexican . i have had the bulgogi and spicy pork tacos which are loaded with meat and other ingredients ; these are delicious . i have also had the spicy pork fusion torta , which was huge and very tasty . this was a great mixture of flavors . the fusion ( bulgogi ) chimichanga was also great . the dishes are very flavorful and loaded with ingredients . all of the dishes i have tried thus far have a great mixture of texture , spice and complexity of flavor . this is deffinitely one of my go to places when in that part of las vegas"
0 "i do n't know if we went on an off night ( i have read other reviews from the night we went that complained about the service as well ) . but , to say i was underwhelmed with bazaar meat is an understatement . when we walked in , i was blown away . it 's a dark and very chic looking place . there is a small casino to your left as you walk in . i ca n't believe other restaurants have n't thought of this , it 's such a fantastic idea . i 've seen them in clubs , but not restaurants . waiting for your table , how about dropping a hundred at roulette ? \n\nthe hostesses were very friendly and we were seated right away . we had drink orders taken very quickly . so far , so good . this place is really an assault on the senses . there are smells from the grilling , the music is loud , there are alligator heads on the wall , and employees everywhere . the kitchen is very busy , and you can see most of it from the seating area . our server started off friendly , and stayed friendly , but he also stayed away from our table . this is one of the reasons i am giving 2 stars . as the meal wore on , he was nowhere to be seen . it took nearly a half hour to get our check . also , a table 2 tables from us remained unbussed for over 20 minutes . i know you are crowded , it 's a new hot restaurant on the strip , but these are issues that should n't happened at a place of this caliber charging what they charge . most telling , two in my party ordered cocktails when we sat down . the glasses remained on the table after they were completed , empty , for the entire 2.5 hour meal . this would have been an easy fix , yet there they remained . it became kind of a joke with us to see how long they would last . spoiler alert : they were on the table when we left . for all i know , they still are.\n\nas other yelpers note , the menu is not your typical steakhouse . it was described to us as a steakhouse meets a tapas place . i would agree , this is a spot on description . we started with the iberico ham , the best ham in the world . for $ 70 you do n't even get 2 ounces ( see my picture ) , but it 's the best ham in the world . i never regret buying this stuff , and it was no different at bazaar meat . it is served with crustinis with tomato spread on them , sort of a spanish bruschetta . the whole thing is fantastic , highly recommended , but it ai n't cheap folks . we next went with the chicken croquettes . you get 5 - 6 per order for $ 12 , and they were fantastic . fried perfectly and lots of b\u00e9chamel flavor . loved these things , i could have easily eaten another order . \n\na couple at our table ordered the famous foie gras cotton candy . i did n't try it , they ate it so quickly . i regretted getting one , but we had other things on our mind .... \n\nlike the steaks . unfortunately , they were out of the lindsay ranch ribeye , which of course i 'd had my eye on since making the reservation . as a result , we went with the mishiwa reserve , which is $ 65 a pound . supposedly , our steak weighed 2.5 pounds . now , i do n't carry a scale with me to dinner , but there is no way this thing weighed 40 ounces . but , we were hungry , and we ate it rather than complaining . we did point it out to our server , but he said he had no way of knowing since we started eating . he 's absolutely right , but we still were n't happy with the size of this steak . i do n't know , maybe the bone weighs in at 22 ounces or something . also , this is the worst dry aged steak i 've eaten . it did n't have the depth of flavor you expect with dry aging . additionally , it was n't adequately seasoned . this was a fairly big error on such an expensive steak at a restaurant like this . we ate the steak because we were hungry ( and paid an arm and a leg for it ) , but we were n't happy.\n\nwe also tried the quarter of a suckling pig . now we 're talking ! this thing was as advertised : juicy , flavorful , with that great crispy skin . we got as much meat off of the thing as we could , but all of us could have used more . \n\nfor sides , we went with the delmonico potatoes , asparagus , and carrots . all were good , the potatoes were almost too decadent ( if such a state exists ) . the asparagus is small , but it was cooked well . i could have used more flavor from the romesco sauce . the carrots with pepper and greek yogurt was probably the table favorite . i 'd absolutely get this dish again.\n\nwe were given a small plate of desserts gratis at the end of our meal . they , like the rest of the meal , were hit and miss.\n\noverall , i 'd say this is an ambitious and unique addition to the fine dining scene in las vegas . i do n't know if we went on a bad night ( as noted above , i 've seen at least one other review that dined the night we did , november 15 , 2014 , that complained about the service ) . i also know restaurants grow and even the best places have issues . but , for what we paid , a lot of the things are close to inexcusable . i 'd return , but not for a long time , and i will definitely bring a scale ...."
0 "okay , i understand that las vegas being the west coast symbol of american capitalism , opulence , and luxury and all , probably means that everything is going to be much more expensive than your wallet is used to but $ 5.50 for a scoop of below average gelato is treason . \n\nafter trying samples , i refused to let myself be robbed blind by cocolini 's . \n\ntheir pistachio flavor did n't even taste like pistachio ! it tasted more like mint ! perhaps cross contamination ? i do n't think so since pistachio was no where near any mint flavors . their lemon and strawberry flavors were way too artificially sweet . i have a heavy hunch that they use flavoring syrups , especially of the high fructose variety in more than gratuitous amounts in their ' gelato ' . \n\nit 's a good thing everyone who eats at cocolini 's is a tourist , because this place would n't last a minute with an actual non - transient customer base to satisfy ."
1 "came out here a recent afternoon to watch coworkers play their intramural games . enjoyed lounging on the bench tables and sipping / snacking with folks after the vball.\n\nmoderately sized but respectable draft selection , cool - looking shack for canned beers , and solid small plates . the pretzel + beer cheese is solid , but the boneless wings were a bit chewy ."
1 "update : they sell their goods at mario batali 's market on thursdays and fresh52 market on sundays in henderson . they do n't sell their bread at the location listed above.\n\nthe skinny : oh my god ... white chocolate - cinnamon brioche ( 5).\n\nbought a white choclate - cinnamon brioche loaf today for $ 9 . i never thought i 'd say this but it is worth every penny . the smell of baked cinnamon goodness just wafts within 10 ft of the loaf . it 's a lighter brioche than what i 'm used to , but still really good . i also suspect it will make killer french toast.\n\nalso got a nice multigrain - cranberry batard for $ 4 but gave it away to a friend . ( let me tell you , she 's a great friend or else i would have kept it for myself ) . will have to try this next week ."
0 "no , no , no , no . that 's all i can say if you are planning on eating here . \n\nmy daughter and i went in today , on a sunday afternoon , because we could n't find another mexican restaurant that was open on sunday in central phoenix . the service was fine but the food was awful . the beans tasted like they came from a can ( rosarita brand ) and the salsa was just barely palatable for the same reason . we each ate only half of our food before leaving . \n\nwhen the waiter asked how the food was , i told him and all he did was say he was sorry . no offer to bring something else or comp one of our half - eaten meals . \n\nmacayo 's on central used to have fresh food , now it is just stale and tastes like it comes from a can . you can definitely tell that they are cutting corners in the kitchen . for the prices they charge , you have a right to expect better food . \n\ni will never go there again ."
0 "very unhappy with happy 's . my son loves their pizza , and that is the only reason i put up with them . it always takes at least one hour for food to be delivered . twice it took them 1 1/2 hours , and when we got the food , it was cold ... duh . three other times the pizza we ordered arrived with toppings that we did not ask for or want . really happy 's ? hire some more delivery drivers if this seems to be an ongoing issue with lots of people . service is not just for tourists who eat your food once . locals need decens places . btw- food , when it does come , is average . not worth all of the hassle"
0 "i walked in and i saw two stripper poles in the middle.\nthat alone gave me an idea of what my night would be like at jet.\n\nme and my 4 girls got walked into the club on halloween night- we got to avoid the ridiculous line- and the entrance fee . that was definitely nice.\n\nthere was free sky vodka drinks for everyone ( not a big drinker , but my friends definitely appreciated it.)\n\neveryone was in costume and enjoying themselves , but despite the spirit of halloween the club was just ... what s the word i 'm looking for ... ghetto.\n\nstripper poles , enough said.\n\nmusic was n't flowing , a lot heavier on hip hop old and new ( which is n't my thing to begin with.)\nalso the crowd was n't the best- i 'm not elitist or anything , but what 's the motivation of breaking out your best moves if there are n't any good looking people around?\n\nme and my bff could n't take the ghettoness of the place , and split- apparently that one chick snookie from that one show was gon na be there , but since idk whotf she was , we left happily . that explained a lot about the type of crowd in the club last night- bunch of jersey shore wannabes.\n\nno thanks jet , not even for free ."
1 "that was easy\n\ni love flying into mccarren . i feel like the staff here are friendlier than some airports ; plus it 's big and clean and easy to get around.\n\nand we can gamble while waiting for the flight ! we actually did n't want to gamble this time . we wanted to charge our phones . there was a charging station but it was standing area and we had comfy seats at our gate . there was an outlet on the floor to plug our chargers into but it was n't working . \n\nwe did n't have time to check out any of the food or bars but saw quite a few options . lucky for us , virgin allowed us to move to an earlier flight and we did n't spend much time in the airport !"
1 "jackalope jacks has been contributing to the elizabeth neighborhood 's groove ever since 1994 and its new restaurant concept , the peculiar rabbit , will extend that vibe into the plaza - midwood neighborhood . apparently this bar / restaurant / gastropub has been in the works for years now and renovation and expansion of the old ecclesiastical building feels like it has been going on for a long time , and undeniably it has . \n\nin the 2000s , this used to be the location of the old steeple lounge , it may not be immediately apparent to those not from the neighborhood , but this building is not entirely new but rather it is an expansion on an existing building . indeed it is unrecognizable . \n\nambiance:\nstrangely , the exterior is similar to the new cook - out restaurants that clashes with the contemporary \""arts & crafts\ "" interior . despite the clashing aesthetics , the rich woods and dark colors complement one another very well . this restaurant / bar is three - story 's tall with each floor having its own bar . the main bar is on the first floor and throughout the whole place you can find seating area for eating . the terrace with spectacular views of downtown charlotte on the third floor is already very popular and reservations are highly encouraged in order to eat al fresco.\n\nfood & drink:\nthey have over twenty craft beers ( including local ) and an array of wines by the glass and bottle . for those who prefer non - alcoholic drinks there are non - alcoholic beers , root beers , sweet teas , juices , and soft drinks.\n\nfrom experience , one would expect this to be solely a burger place . since they just opened , they are offering a limited version of their full menu . however , they offer more than just the typical \""bar food.\ "" \n\nthe types of dishes you can find are : \n\n*asian fusion - such as bahn mi , vietnamese hoagie\n*british - such as fish & chips & sheppard 's pie\n*new american - burgers galore including vegetarian variations.\n*poutine - french - canadians rejoice , but their version comes with oxtails.\n\n ~ prices in the menu range from $ 10-$30 . reasonable , and runs the gamut for different budgets.\n\nif you want to eat a full meal here , you must order before 10:00pm , because after that the peculiar rabbit only offers drinks and \""barbites\ "" ( appetizers ) till closing time.\n\ni had the veggie burger and it was very tasty , it was tofu based , with shitake mushrooms , brown rice , rolled oats , and other delectable ingredients.\n\nmy experience here was nice and from looking at the enthusiastic crowd tonight , one can deduct this establishment will become a very popular locale in the near future ."
0 "torn about my recent experience here . i have n't been in years , but i heard happy hour was decent , so i gave it another try . the atmosphere is nice - upscale casual bar area . good for smaller parties of 4 or under . not loud , good to actually talk and catch up with friends . staff was attentive and did a last call for happy hour . so we ordered another round but asked for them to wait until we were done with our current ones . when we asked for our last one that we thought had be ordered , there was a mix up . they quickly grabbed a manager and rectified the situation . we still were confused with how they charged us for our beverages . when we questioned it , the bartender became short and snippy with us so we just let it go . i 'm still unsure if we were charged correctly . \n\nas for happy hour eats : decent portions , decent food . nothing spectacular . \n\nas for happy hour adult beverages : very weak . taste good , just not much alcohol.\n\ni'm not sure i 'll return ."
0 "went here because of watching it on food network and wanted to try the spaghetti pie . my stepdad and i went when there were very few customers . we were greeted by a very annoyed looking waitress , and when my stepdad asked for a table closer to the tv ( no one in the place ) she rolled her eyes and did . to make matters worse , we could smell the bathroom . ( we were n't even close to it . ) i could n't find the spaghetti pie so i ordered the mediterranean meal and my stepdad ordered the lasagna . the food was great but could not make up for the rude service and terrible experience . ever since then , i have hated the place ."
0 "this is a very bad mcdonald 's . they serve dried out sandwiches on stale bread that 's been sitting around for too long . when made fresh and properly prepared , mcdonald 's food is delicious . what this restaurant does to mcdonald 's is a disgrace and i wish the corporation would deny franchises to \""investors\ "" who buy these restaurants and leave unmotivated unprofessional morons to run them ."
1 "great ambience . i boyfriend brought me here for my birthday dinner . just him and i. we started off with the soup on of the day which was a pur\u00e9ed asparagus type with shrimp on the bottom . it was delicious.\n\nfor entree , bf ordered the lamb chops . he 's a steak guy but has had it before here and the waiter talked him into trying something new and went on about how great they were . i would say the waiter was right because i did n't hear one complaint . he said they were great.\ni ordered the scallop entree , it also comes with shrimp and all lays on a bed of filling risotto . it all was amazing and very filling.\nfor sides we got the gnocchi - we just are n't truffle lovers .. but if you are this dish is for you ! creamed corn- which was great . bf mentioned how great it was a few different times throughout the meal : ) and also the broccoli gratin ... it was also good . \ni ordered a birthday martini because i saw it on pinterest and it was n't very good at all . \n----------\nbut after writing this review the gm yassien :) came over merely 5 minutes after and apologized for the mediocre martini and replaced it with my favorite , the dirty martini . it was certainly a surprise and more than i could have ever asked for . \nit did n't end there , they brought us a creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e with a chocolate happy birthday sign with a lit candle . it was so nice ! ! ! not to mention amazing ! ! ! ! \ni left this place feeling so special and so happy . i 've never met a nicer more personable staff anywhere i have ever been ! :) we will definitely be back ! ! \n\nthanks agin yassien for everything . \nxoxo"
0 "margarita pizza was like out of a box from grocery sauce . the tofu fries tasted weird . the hummus was not authentic . the smoothies were watered down all i can taste was the powder or syrup they used to blended . the chicken breast that my sister got was sooo small it looked like it was for a 6 year old child not an adult . it was very over priced for juice bar food we spend almost $ 50 for the both if us for lunch & the funny thing we were still hungry the portion are really small . we really want it to like this new place , but it 's not for us ."
0 "i went here last week with the bf for lunch i ve been wanting to come here and try there food because i had n't eaten here since i was a kid.\n\nthank god i ve stayed away from this place for so long ! what a disappointment.\n\nso we did the 2 for $ 25 deal ... \n\nit comes with all you can eat soup or salad , bread sticks , and pasta of your choice.\n\nwe had salad , bread sticks , and the fettuccine alfredo as the main dish . \n\nthe salad was ok but i guess it would be kinda hard to mess up a simple salad , the bread sticks were hard and tasteless . as for the fettuccine it was ok nothing i would brag home to mama about i ve had way better it reminded me of something i could microwave from the grocery store no flavor at all i had to put a pound of salt and pepper on it just to make it ok to eat . \n\ni will not be returning to olive garden this is las vegas there are way to many good restaurants to eat at rather then waste my time at this fake \""italian restaurant\ "" not to mention the service was lousy.\n\nplease avoid this microwave italian food !"
1 "came here for lunch and was pretty impressed . first of all , the cosmo is an awesome , very chic hotel and i ca n't wait to come back to visit . \n\nthe menu is pretty big at holsteins and has enough options for any eater to be satisfied . i ordered a salad with grilled salmon and made some modifications to it ( changed the cheese , dressing on the side ) and surprisingly it came out exactly the way i wanted it ! also , they gave me a generous piece of salmon on top so i was happy with that . my boyfriend had the gold standard burger and loved it -- he literally talked about it for the next 2 days . i also had a bloody mary which was delicious - one of the best i 've had --- the only negative was it was pretty small bc the glass was overflowing with ice . \nfood is very good , service was ehhhh -- our waitress was ditzy , but again the food came out correct so nothing to really complain about ! definitely worth a stop if you are in he cosmo ."
1 "we decided to give brunch a try for our first visit to casbah . we were surprised by the huge tent covering the \""outdoor\ "" dining area . we opted for an inside table , the interior is somewhat small the tables are close together . for brunch , you are served your choice of drink , appetizer and entree . \n\nfor our drinks , bj had a bloody mary and i had a bellini . we were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffins . for appetizers , we got a three sisters farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake . very good . for entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the ny strip steak . very relaxing and tasty meal ."
1 "if you want to feel swanky and sophisticated , this is the place to go ! i 've been here about 4 times with various friends , and last night , i went there for a happy hour with a young professionals group.\n\nthe atmosphere is definitely the reason to come here vs. other wine bars . it is chic , it is sophisticated , it all feels so very worldly and i feel like a globe - trotting fashionista ( no matter what i 'm wearing ) whenever i come here.\n\nthey have very good apps as well . i came here one time with my bff after going to see a play , and we had the filet mignon salad and the artisan cheese selection . both were served to us on a piece of slate tile with big chunks of sea salt randomly decorating the edges - very cool presentation ! and the food was good too!\n\nthe downside is that the parking can be rather limited . there is a lot in the back of the building , but it has maybe 20 - 30 spaces and its for five guys and the wine loft . if you come here on a weekend night or a thursday night , it 's really difficult to find a space . but , hey , it 's in dilworth . it 's hard to find parking at most places in dilworth ."
0 awful service . the halibut tasted like it was a warmed up frozen dinner .
0 "i 'll start by saying we did n't eat here , we just wanted refreshments on a hot day ! the place is cute , clean and i would 've thought about going back to have something to eat if ever in the area . \n\nbut , their service is horrible - absolutely rude and condescending . if you are able to make out what they are saying . . . i do n't speak chinese so perhaps that 's on me , but i did n't realize that 's what it took . there were two females at the counter when we walked up and one just looked at us ( yes , we were clothed , yes , we were clean , and yes , we smiled when we walked in ) and the other said , \""what u like?\ "" whoa , wait a minute ! the bartender kept looking at me , but never smiled and never offered to help , much less mutter a \""hello\ "" . bad day or not , i have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people , it is your job to be nice and polite , wash dishes otherwise ! ! \n\ni had a green tea boba tea and my daughters and their friend had strawberry and passion fruit snow ice , that also was tasty and they said it was yummy . i am pretty sure fresh fruit is used as the mango snow ice is deemed ' seasonal ' and it was n't available as that is typically a summer fruit . my tea was good , but not enough to bring me back to bad service . there 's no excuse , there are many other tea houses in the area . call me spoiled . . ."
1 i expected this location to be similar to the one in phx : underwhelming and overpriced . however ! ! ! i experienced something much better . it just seems a bit more quant .. put together .. and a place that encourages interaction between guests and invites you to truly enjoy yourself . maybe its just the new place ... the layout ( additional bar outside ) or the low key yet swanky atmosphere .... \ni'm not totally sure . this place deserves the hype .
1 "yummmmm - hum . this review is for drinks and dessert . which should be enough for you to get an idea because it was for me!\n\ndish is fannnnncy but i think the service , food , ambiance , furniture , etc . are all in accordance with the price . \n\nthe bar is copper . probably not to the core but it 's copper colored or plated ! pretty and shiny ! i had a ginger old fashioned . highly recommended over their sazerac which was just okay . \n\nthe chocolate bread pudding was really really good . hot but not dry , spongy but not gummy , and topped with chocolate sauce and fresh , delicious blueberries . eating blueberries in february is cheating but if no one hears about it then it 's ok . they were like tangy gifts from mexico . the fruit kind . \n\nnext we asked for espresso martinis but i kind of wanted just an espresso and maybe another drink . next time i wo n't have a coffee martini . i feel like my brain was confused by the chemical combination , like , i 'm tired ! noooo i 'm up ! nooo i 'm wired ! when all i ever really was was full . \n\nthe dinner menu looked great too . many options for all diners . maybe will try again on a visit to pittsburgh . it will have to wait some time but the place comes highly recommended so it wo n't be forgotten ."
1 magnifico ! great little place tucked away in a semi - residential area of town . felt like i was part of the family after being seated . bright cheerful atmosphere like a fiesta ! food was very flavoful even the white rice . crab enchiladas full of white crab meat and smothered in your choice of red or green sauce . salsa you get red ( spicy ) and green ( mild ) with chips and i got a complimentary cerviche . the red salsa had a nice smoky flavor and just the right kick of heat . ca n't wait to try other dishes when i return to phoenix in a couple of weeks !
0 if you love waiting this is the shuttle for you ... add another 40 minutes to your travels . this shuttle bus is ridiculous waiting and waiting is the game . do n't patronize this people - not a good start to your vegas fun
0 i am hoping my experience will match the other yelper . so far l've had a very bad experience just trying to be seen . fax is impossible to get through . call is worse have called in more then 4x . two of those calls where over 20 minute wait time and a third was 30min . just to drop off copies of my lab work took 20min wait after checking in and 1hr the first time then was told i 'd get a call back after they determined the urgency of my appt from lab work . 5 days passed when i finally called back to request an appt to the same person i had been dealing with the whole time . sucks i started this process to get an appt after receiving me referral turned into a 3week process and my insurance was termining . they still could n't fit me in before my insurance termed . giving them another chance . this is clearly a issue with this particular staff member . i 'm hoping to resolve this issue .
0 service was bad and food was subpar .
1 "menu fran\u00e7ais classique un peu trop vaste , beaux vins , service courtois et competent , prix corrects.ce restaurant \u00e0 d\u00e9j\u00e0 connu des jours meilleurs , mais garde une exellente r\u00e9putation ."
1 "i 'm not sure if the other people that reviewed this shop just had a bad experience , but i 've been going to cesar since he worked at another barbershop prior to opening his own . i 've watched him open his own business and grow which has been pretty awesome . contrary to the other reviews , cesar has always been able to accommodate my schedule as long as you make an appointment . he is good at time management and runs a smooth operation . oh , and i 'm not cuban nor do i speak spanish so they do n't pick and choose here . \n\ni've been to many different barbers in many different states . while many barbers can give a pretty good cut , a lot of them think they are just way too friggin ' cool , and that 's what i appreciate about cesar . he 's always in a good mood and is very patient . he 's willing to work with you until you are happy . unlike other barbers , he does n't get annoyed and start treating you like you 're asking for too much . go check him out !"
0 "why ca n't i rate them less than 1 star ? i always dread contact cox because you always wait forever only to be transferred to another service person and then another service person . my call that i just completed , approximately 75 minutes and 3 service reps later , resulted in cox reducing my monthly invoice amount by approximately 10 % but it is still at least double what i will pay with a competitor . and , that is not considering using netflix , amazon , etc . time for cox to re - define themselves or close the doors ."
1 "normally , i would n't write a review about an airport . but , because it 's vegas , this airport is ... uh ... special.\n\nit all started two days prior when my lady friend got pick - pocketed on the strip . i heard later that las vegas has the biggest crime rate of any city in america . whether that is true or not is up to what you read , i guess , but it makes sense for this story . after contacting the airline and the police , we were told that we could make it through security , but it would be tricky , and to arrive two hours early.\n\nso , we showed up three hours early . being las vegas , it 's both very hot , and very booze - soaked . i had been nauseous throughout a lot of the trip , why , i still do not know . something to do with the heat , the eat , and the alcohol turning everything sideways.\n\nwe waited in line to have our id 's checked ; both of us with single carry on bags . i went first since i had a good id . she went after me and simply and plainly told the tsa agent . \""i have no id , here is the police report\"".\n\n\n***supervisor to gate three***\n\nmy heart sank.\n\nluckily the supervisor was pretty laid back . he got on the phone with some mystery government official on the other end , and in a few short minutes , and after a few brief questions politely queried at the side of gate three , we were on our way . two hours early.\n\ndue to the security hangup , the tsa supervisor allowed us to cut in line and we ended up waiting for the plane to arrive for about 2.5 hours . i took a few walks through the makeshift casinos to alleviate my sickness from the stress and other aforementioned contributing factors , but by the time we got on the plane and got in the sky , the nausea was gone , and we were home free ."
0 "this hotel is well located on the edge of old montreal . but , it is tired , the staff are helpful , concierge staff are great . checking in was not great . used expedia to book the room and did not get the room we booked . we were told it was because we used expedia ... you are treated like a second class guest . room was tired . bathroom door had rusty hinges , sink cracked , only one bed when we booked for three adults . the did provide a cot for the other adult.\nreally tough to recommend the hotel but if you stay the concierge staff are great ."
1 "corned beef and cabbage taquitos ... sounds crazy , so i had to try it ... it was great ! the $ 3 dollar carlsberg big draft beers were also great ! the bartender was great as well ! if those 3 reasons are n't good enough to try out tim finnegans , then go because i said so :)"
0 "this club sucks so much ass just went yesterday it 's so small and overcrowded no place to sit and the bouncers are all fucking dicks no respect they scam you for $ 20 while your in the line(fuck them i did n't pay ) just so you can cut a few feet in front and wait in another line for\""vip\ "" which is really the general admission line and that 's only for guys if your a girl and have a belly they wo nt let you in only the hot chicks get through . i saw many chunky girls get turned around and denied entrance that shit was fucked up the drinks are exaggeratedly prices $ 25 for a jack and coke $ 17 for a lemon drop i highly advice everyone not to go to this rip off of a \""club\ "" i know i 'll never come back again"
1 great place for lunch . service is good .
0 "ja .. die emaille - schilder sind kult.\ngut sind auch die billigen preise . aber leider ist auch von der qualit\u00e4 t des essens nicht so viel zu erwarten . da kann ich auch gleich zu aldi / lidl gehen und mir die sachen selbst kaufen . denn selbstgemacht scheint dort nichts zu sein . die bedienung ist etwas langsam , aber ok.\n\nnaja , karlsruhe hat ja noch mehr zu bieten !"
0 "average quality of food , hostess cold has the north pole , service ok , prices do nt make sense to what you get , it is a no , no , no ... but probably there is not much offer of japanese quality in vegas , except yellow tail which was much better when i went this summer"
1 this place is amazing . what friendly service too ! i ordered the steak w poached eggs on chilequiles . everything was so fresh and delicious tasting ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my steak ( ordered med rare ) was cooked perfectly and tender ! and the waitress was so nice & attentive . loooooooove this place !
0 "worst experience at a salon ever . i got burnt during the wash and during the blowout . i should have known this was a bad idea when i walked in . as soon as i sat down i heard the music turn way up and all these shreeks followed by \""omg , its friiday ! ! friday dance partaay!!!\ "" all the instructors started dancing instead of watching students coloring hair or helping any of the stylists in training whose manikin heads kept falling over and rolling away . during my cut and style i managed to hear my stylist talk bad about each student there and hear about how she almost got sent home that day because someone told on her for something . the cut turned out great so it might have been worth the $ 15 . then she styled me and it took two days to wash out the hairspray and i looked like i had stuck my finger in a light socket . overall i guess it is worth the money . next time i will just hit up bjs for happy hour to deal with the burns and mindless chatter of the stylists in training ."
1 "as if the fact that this locksmith is located in a castle was n't great enough , these guys actually know what they are doing too ! here 's a little life lesson : you will spend 1.97 per key copy at lowes and only 1.50 at genes . here 's the difference ; the guys at genes are real locksmiths and actually know how to cut keys ... that work the first time!\n\ndon't get suckered into the whole convenience aspect of going to lowes , home depot or other big box stores with untrained employees . the time you spend going back and forth with improperly made keys just does n't make sense ; especially when you are paying more for each copy . \n\ni had five keys made at genes yesterday ; all five work perfectly . the five that were made at lowes ... none of them worked ! what a waste of time . \n\nbesides expert key copying this company has everything and anything relating to locks and security . if it has , needs or can be outfitted with a lock , these guys have it or can get it . the storefront is huge compared to most locksmiths and one can spend a good hour in here just looking at all of the cool stuff.\n\ni also inquired about their locksmith services outside of the shop . the rates are quite reasonable with a 65 dollar trip charge plus a few bucks to re - key your lock cylinders . not a bad deal considering i have never seen a professional trade charge anything less than 100 - 120 per trip charge.\n\nhighly recommended for quality service , good rates , and a unique building ."
1 "i did n't attend last year ( with no regrets based on previous feedback ) , but when i saw that the new times had addressed a lot of the issues from last year 's event , i decided to buy some tickets for our group with the yelp discount to check it out . we went saturday around 4 pm , and had no issues with parking ( free ) and getting in ( no line ) . we got our wristbands and bought tickets and took a quick lap to see who all was there . all in all , we tried a buffalo chicken cheese steak ( ca n't remember the truck name ) , taste rite , the grilled cheese truck , mellow mushroom , and rockin ' rays . everything we tried was really good , and considering the event , i did n't think it anything was too expensive ( 1 - 4 tickets per item , or $ 2 - 8 ) . the longest line while we were there was the grilled cheese truck , and we made that our second to last stop since it looked like the most popular . they had a lot of great options and since i could n't eat them all , i 'll be going to the scottsdale street fair this weekend to try some more : ) \n\nthey made great improvements and hopefully next year i will take advantage of the vip passes ."
0 "this shop is a great example of one of those places that you walk past , think \""ooooh that looks like it could be cute , let 's go have a look\ "" , get inside and realise it 's a big anti - climax.\n\nit looks like a vintage jewellery shop from the outside , but when you go in and actually have a look at the stuff , it 's just new and not particularly well - made jewellery trying to look vintage . which ends up just looking a bit tacky.\n\nimagine those tiny little pointless shops that you find in little towns on the coast , that 's pretty much this place in a nutshell . except they 've done that really annoying thing of thinking that just because they 're in brunstfield they can hike up their prices.\n\ni'm sure that for the right sort of person this shop would be a great find . it 's just my sort of thing ."
0 "i have given this restaurant 3 chances . every single time i have been disappointed with their service . gratuity on parties of 6 or more makes these waiters really lack in their game . come on guys , get it together ."
1 "i 've been wanting to try this place forever , because the burgers and shakes look incredible . however , i go there and what do i get ? ! the soft shell crab bruschetta and a maui coconut porter beer . however , i do not regret my choices . both were absolutely incredible ! my dad had sliders , fries , and the root beer float and he said it was great . and my sister had the urth sliders ( vegan patties ) with the s'mores milkshake . and she loved hers . and the service might have been the absolute best i 've ever had anywhere ! our server 's name was robin , and she was spectacular ! very friendly , very good at her job . i definitely will be going back there soon for a buger and fries and i will be asking for robin again ! great place !"
1 "great little family owned place . a good portion of the client\u00e8le is actually middle eastern , so they 've got to be doing something right . the owner , mike , is always around and very friendly , and usually hanging out in the market part of the building . there 's a hookah bar upstairs , but having an aversion to hookah , i 've never ventured in . the market is neat to look around in and a good place to go for some excellent fresh feta cheese or lamb.\n\non to the food .. it is fantastic and inexpensive . you can get a falafel sandwich and fries for under $ 5 , but that 's about the cheapest meal on the menu . the have a lunch buffet monday - friday from 11 - 3 for $ 10 . it 's a very small buffet and at least half of it is cold food like salads and hummus . about 75 % of the time , i have no idea what i 'm eating , but i always enjoy it.\n\nas an added bonus , the last time i was there the guy who refilled my water was wearing one of those t - shirts with kittens on it .. their faces on the front , and their butts on the back . i do n't know if he was serious or not , but it was pretty amazing ."
1 "genoa is amazing ! ! ! i 've been in pittsburgh for a couple of weeks for work . i 've gone to genoa just about every one of toes nights . great food no matter what you order , and an awesome full bar as well . amanda and ashley are awesome bartenders . if you 're in the area , this is a must stop . seems like a great place to watch football , go chargers , or the penguins game ! \n\nthank you amanda , ashely , and billy for making me feel at home out here in pittsburgh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i 'll miss you 3 ."
1 "a great place for anything kitchen . the owner is friendly and helpful and the price are reasonable . \n\nthey carry everything from spice racks to pressure cookers to every mold shape you could ever desire . they also sell a selection of spices and wilton cake making supplies on the side wall . \n\ni went in today looking for a spice rack solution for my kitchen : it had to not take up counter space and not be too heavy if wall - mounted . sadly , i did n't find anything , but what i did find was a rubberwood counter hugging cutting board for $ 15 . \n\nperfect - o !"
0 "we reserved expensive room but the room was nasty , bathroom shower was broken , and old ! they need to remodel or do something ..."
0 "i was torn about leaving a negative review , as in the past i 've had incredibly positive experiences with six different piercings at sadu . however , after thinking back on today 's events i feel compelled to issue a stern warning . since autumn left last fall , it seems as though the staff has been different each time i went in for work . this in itself is not an issue , why i write is to offer you warning that your experience will likely be ruined by the inhospitable staff who excel in condescension while offering a ham - handed piercing technique . after having both nipples pierced , a labret , an industrial , nose - ring , tongue , and ears spaced , and a multitude of other piercings , i am aware of what to expect when i decide to do further body modification . \n\nthe staff that was working was , simply put , rude . they were discussing disdainfully the questions that earlier clients had tendered and when they did take a break from verbally assailing these customers to help me they were short and discourteous . since i was there for a tragus and not to make friends i tried to dismiss this effrontery . while the mood temporarily lightened once i went back for the piercing , the young lady with dreadlocks could n't help but talk about herself for the entire time coming off as narcissistic and somewhat arrogant . again , i soldiered on as i was terribly excited about the piercing despite the staff . if the verbal treatment of the staff was n't sufficient to turn me off to sadu permanently the piercer 's brutish handling lacked any semblance of finesse . so i would give her skills five stars -- five stars that had each collapsed into a black hole and merged to form the largest black hole in the universe . \n\nif you can not afford a professional dominatrix to mistreat you i would thoroughly recommend sadu , if on the other hand you are looking for a positive lasting experience i would go elsewhere.\n\np.s . to be completely fair they have great jewelry , but nothing you ca n't find online for the same price . good luck ."
0 "i hate to give 1 star but i just could n't even like the place . i was so disappointed by the service and food . the server did not know the menu or how to make drinks.\n\n1 . ice coffee : first cup of coffee : salt was in the sugar container . second time : lots of coffee grinds in the cup . third time : the coffee was watered down . \n2 . they were out of spinach , out of croissants , & the eggs were under cooked.\n3 . lorriane quiche was bland and super small\n\nwe got the last chocolate croissant . that was the best from the whole experience . i hope it was an off day , but i am going to pass and try another place before coming back ."
1 i have counted on susan to work out all the kinks and manage my stress with twice monthly 90 min massages for several years now . she does it just the way i ask for it and i especially appreciate the time and attention she spends on my feet!\n\nher prices are very reasonable and i like her soothing off - strip office . plan to continue having susan keep me in top condition until she decides to retire ...
1 "their food is so good here ! try the italian stallion if you like italian subs , this is for you . bread is delivered from a local bakery and it fantastically crusty . portions are huge so be ready to share ! chili is so meaty it 's enough all on it 's own . love the lobster bisque too . there is so many things to try here , burgers are perfectly cooked ."
1 "overall , i really enjoyed my time here . the bartender / waiter sean is awesome and very helpful . the beer was good . it was a nice atmosphere and we were able to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather . the food was pretty yummy too . i would definitely recommend this place to others and will be back next time i 'm in town ."
1 "food is always good . we have never been disappointed when coming here . it 's a little pricey , but the portions are always a good size as well . especially lunch . like most reviews the service does lack everytime we are here , but the food makes up for it ."
1 "this place has limited seating but who cares ! the pizzas here are so good , i 'll just stand if i have to ! it 's like in a hidden spot ; through a short hallway as far as i can remember ."
1 "the staff is very friendly . the rooms while a little dated are clean . every room has a mini refrig , microwave and coffee maker , a big plus in my eyes , i love every morning you can go and enjoy a lovely free breakfast inside or out on the deck or even back at your room . at night they have fresh coffee and cookies if you are looking for a snack , \nthe hotel is well located to shopping and night life . this is the only place i will stay when i come to scottsdale ,"
0 "one of the worse experiences i 've had at bath and body works . first of all , the store reeked of their new fragrance when i walked through the doors . i was in the store for five minutes and my clothes lingered with that scent . in addition , the scent was so strong that i got a headache . ouch.\n\nyeah , i like bath and body works stores , but there was way too much body spray or perfume around that entrance door!\n\ni still like the mango mandarin and the pumpkin lotions at bath and body works ."
1 "i do n't believe i 've ever eaten better pizza . brutta 's got absolutely amazing wood - fired crust , unbelievable sauce and the freshest , best toppings you can find.\n\nthe atmosphere is pretty good , too . i love the giant brick oven just behind the register , the pictures on the walls , the big windows facing monroe street and the cozy space.\n\ni do n't recommend going on an empty stomach , however . the pizzas are smallish and thin , and they 'll put a dent in your wallet , for sure . but for the best pizza ever ? i 've got ta give 5 stars ."
0 "by far the rudest most unprofessional property management company i have ever dealt with ! i wish i could break my lease and move out now so i never had to deal with them again . they do n't return calls , they do n't fix problems for months and their office staff is probably the rudest people i have ever dealt with in my life . i ca n't believe in a business that is word of mouth and referrals that they would allow their staff to speak to their tenants and potential real estate clients the way they do ."
1 "no , no .... i am not dreaming .... postino tempe ( postino annex ) is now open ! only a few minute walk from my front door now lays before me the miracle of $ 5 wine ( or pitchers of beer ) until 5 pm and the best bruschetta in town . i 'm a huge fan - dating back to when there was just postino arcadia - and all i can say is that tempe residents just got lucky ! ! built in the historic art annex building surrounded by all things tempe . love.\n\nbruschetta . panini . soup . salad . cheese board . meat board . olives . awesome.\n\nbruschetta : ricotta with dates & pistachios ( sweet ) and salami with pesto or burrata , bacon , arugula & tomato ( savory ) but you honestly ca n't go wrong with any of them ! do n't pass up the seasonal either , it 's always a winner . postino is best enjoyed eating / sharing items off the menu for several hours in good company . italian picnic ? it 's an amazing salad - and you 'll feel like you 're having one ... \n\nthey are all about their wine , so you ca n't pick a wrong one . feeling frisky ? let them recommend one based on your preference . i 've done it before and been pleasantly surprised . i was n't a fan of bordeaux - but i tried one per their recommendation and ended up loving it . prost!\n\npostino service is always top notch . they just get it . you wo n't find yourself with just one server , there are multiple of them checking in on you consistently and the service is always flawless . i never feel rushed . the food is consistent and timely . always.\n\ntonight i had the pleasure of dining on the patio . the weather is just starting to cool off and the patio is lovely . lush and green , cozy and sweet . whether at arcadia , central , gilbert or tempe - there is a shared feeling amongst them all - the spaces are comfortable and i can always guarantee a fabulous evening and meal . the music is never too loud , it 's the perfect place for good company and great conversations . yes - i live in tempe . no - i am not a college student and have n't been for a long time . i 've matured - and now , apparently , tempe has too!\n\npolish off perfection with a salted caramel sundae and there is no way you can leave without a smile . if this is for some reason a dream , please do n't wake me ..."
0 "very marginal food , service , and atmosphere . there is a live bill out front , and it really makes the whole area smell like cow flops . disneyland atmosphere ."
0 "we came here on a saturday night for a birthday celebration with 3 other couples and spent over $ 700 . service was great but the food was terrible . appetizers were small and overpriced . we had the calamari , loco moco , canoe and ribs . the only appetizer everyone raved about were the ribs but the rest were horrible . we ordered several entrees including short ribs , butterfish , salmon , pork shank and curried chicken . other than the fish entrees , there were alot of leftover foods and no one wanted to take home any because no one wanted to eat any of the food twice . we skipped desserts , no one wanted to try any . drinks were great and again , service was great . not a good nor memorable experience at roy 's for us unfortunately ."
0 "way too much attitude , terrible service , super super salty foods . waited forever for my glass of wine , we asked for place settings multiple times ( finally arrived after our food ) , both the beets salad & margarita pizza were soaked in salt , servers have way too much attitude . it 's \""trendy\ "" & the location is perfect but overall not worth it !"
0 "field kitchen threw away everything good sweet tomatoes had to offer . do n't bother wasting your time -- increased pricing , charges for every little thing . not worth it . terrible business idea . families -- no longer free ice cream for kids . incredibly disappointed and will not return . you can only go up to the salad bar once now , even if you do n't order a la carte . seems like they were trying to lower food costs and destroyed their core business in transition ."
0 "tonight i got the steak and arugula salad - also known as a big mistake . the lettuce was soggy from being soaked in the vinaigrette . as i was eating it , my fork picked up wet clumps of the lettuce . not very appetizing looking at all . the steak itself was somewhat tough and bland . overall , i will not get it again if i ever come back to this place ."
1 "excellent food served excellently . the decor is definitely old - school steakhouse , but that does n't matter when you have one of the dishes placed before you . the crabcake appetizer is creamy and nicely sauced , the gnocchi and lobster appetizer is heaven . i 've had nearly all of the entrees there over the years , and i 've never been disappointed . the consistency in the food is also admirable.\n\nthe carlton is known for its great wines ( and the servers are well - versed in them ) . all in all , it 's a very nice special - occasion restaurant ."
0 "i feel like i 'm in the minority , but i was n't really wowed by this place . a small group of coworkers wanted mexican for dinner , this was near our office so here we went . you have to valet your car which is kind of annoying , but the guys were nice and the inside where the restaurant is pretty impressive decor wise , so i was in a good mood . \n\nonce our group trickled in , we ordered some drinks and i used my check - in deal to get free chips & guac for the table . i had the pineapple margarita which was delicious , but a little on the small side , the rest of the tables got different types of margaritas and all seemed to enjoy them . the waiter came out and explained that it 's a tapas style restaurant ( probably would n't have picked this place had i known that , $ 8 - 14/plate is pretty steep imho ) and so we all decided on what we would order . if i remember correctly , we had the\n\ntacos de mahi mahi - did n't try these , but heard they were good . \n\ntacos de camarones - did n't try , no complaints\n\ntacos de pollo - i enjoyed these , though i wish the tortillas were a little bigger for all of the things they cram onto them\n\ntamale - i really liked this . has a bit of a kick to it\n\npollo ahumado a la yucateco - alright . i 'm not a fan of sweet poultry i guess , but everyone else liked it . \n\nchips & salsa - very good\n\nabout halfway through i ordered a michelada . due to my ignorance and the misleading description on the menu ( modelo especial , lime , spices , salt ) , i did n't know i was ordering the grossest drink in the world . my fault , and i just drank the rest of the modelo out of the bottle , but i was surprised no one asked me about it . there was also a fly in it , but as i was with coworkers i did n't want to cause a scene over it ( my fault , lesson learned ) . another slightly annoying thing is that the glass windows on the side of the building slide open ( which is actually pretty cool ) , but the one or two times they did this to get out to the patio they let flies in , which were buzzing around our table nonstop . the servers saw us batting them away but no one offered a slight \""sorry about that\ "" . all in all , 5 dishes and 7 drinks ran us about $ 150 . if these were main dishes , i 'd be indifferent , but for the value of what you pay for vs. what you get , i ca n't recommend distrito ."
0 "embarrassed money was spent here . upon arrival i watch guests be greeted by a pair of associates attached at the hip who could n't put away a healthy convo to fully crowd control or build any real warm welcomes . finally in a crowded store with plenty of payroll used i found my self wandering the store for a mirror to try on apparel and to my dismay none and none of that american customer service of five point guest augmentation . as a friend begged left and right for service or even to get full eye contact to grab a size , the ten plus sales staff seem to be no where in sight . can this be loss prevention approved ? finally the shoe came out an asian dude who just could have cared less who had no product knowledge or passion could careless to make the sell stood there making one think am i bothering you ? my bad ! ! i watched a store with ten people scurry around like ants but no leader to be found to give any direction . this is lv ! high volume your brand and demographic are here , so why is your customer service that of some santa ana factory outlet store ? come on guys ! ! !"
1 always a lot of fun ! beer and sausage ! friendly staff . usually there 's a band or a guy playing music . today i had sausage and mashed potatoes and won a beer chugging contest ! won a free stein and a nice buzz !
1 "had a wonderful night here . ate on the back , outdoor , patio which was quite lovely . wine list was quite nice and the bottle we got ( carnivor , a tuscan cab sauv ) was terrific . bread was quite good and warm ... as it should be . i had the french onion soup , which was good - but not great . it needed a bit more broth . my boyfriend got the lobster bisque and thought it was very good . we each got steaks ( of course ) - i got the filet mignon , which was cooked perfectly ( medium - rare ) and the mashed potatoes and haricot vert that accompanied the meats were quite good , he got the bone - in rib - eye , which was quite good and , again , cooked perfectly . he had a baked potato and said it was good , but very dense . we split a side of mac & cheese , which was very good . we finished dinner off with a piece of the chocolate mousse cake which was amazing . we also had a very nice server !"
0 "i love haunted attractions and i consider myself a haunted house aficionado hahah . i am giving this a 2 because of all the hype on it and its failure to deliver . it is a complete let down , as are most haunted attractions in the past few years . \nthe outside is more fun than the inside . they tell you it is 20 min to go through ... yeah right ! ! ! ! maybe including the long video they show you 100 times while you are waiting . it was maybe 10 min and i am being very generous with that . the themes could be good but i do n't know they just fall short . i expected more from a serious horror film maker . the gore does n't even really look good . there were a couple of cool scenes but most were just cheesy . i do n't recommend this to anyone . we got our tickets for $ 21 each but they charge $ 30 at the door . this is maybe worth $ 5 to $ 10 at best . everyone talks about the great view at the end but it really was just average as well . save your cash . check out my many many other haunted attraction reviews ."
1 "we came , we ate ... and i suppose food coma is a sign of conquering the food for our moneys worth . i came with my cousins and we were in during the transition from lunch to dinner so we got to sample both collections of food . \n\ni like the interior ... it has a bit of ambiance compared to most grill spots which like to go basic . the plus is the round non - stick grill . some people might think it 's weird that they only wipe it down with a paper towel , but really it 's all it needs to get it clean compared to the usual grills that need to be replaced and deeply scrubbed . i like this kind of grill and the ventilation is decent here so i did n't get too much of that food smell . \n\nmeat is the game and the meat actually was a decent selection . the quality and freshness was pretty good . \n\nmy favorites : \npork belly- with a spicy marinate was really nice\nkalbi ribs- are nt as fatty as other spots , more marbled\ntongue and thin sliced beef is always a favorite . \n\ncooked items- i like that the foods were more korean prepped than how some do a chinese buffet . came for korean so want more of those dishes . tempura came out and it was good actually , but i got it fresh off the frying . most were okay , but i was n't here to fill on dishes- i came for meat ! \n\nservice- the service here is attentive and this was refreshing since most asian establishments do n't have this kind of service . the ladies filled out drinks , checked on us often , came to help cook our meats and clean out grill . the service was constant , but was unobtrusive and friendly . \n\nlet 's put the things i have a shtick with aside- \n\nbanchan- some of the banchan was too salty and some during lunch were n't as cold and crisp as they should . i did n't get to have much banchan after the turn over as at that point i was n't feeling it . \n\nradish wraps- i love these , after lunch turned over , they took them away . :-( i would think this is basic like having lettuce or bean paste for the meat . \n\ni normally like chikke , the rice cinnamon drink , but theirs was way too sweet . \n\npricing- at $ 20 compared to other ayce for dinner is n't bad , but i still do n't know if it was a pricepoint i was happy with . they have a much better setup , service , etc . so i get where they need to keep their price higher . i guess i 'm just sad i did n't get a little dessert ( they have fruit , jello ) . if i went to wooche i normally keep the $ 4 difference to grab something sweet to wash out the palette from the heavy flavors . it 's easy to say i 'll come for lunch but the kalbi and the thin cut tongue and such is only dinnertime and that 's a bulk of what i want . \n\ni can see myself come back for a few reasons- not as busy , i do n't smell as much . i think i 'm a fan , but i 'm leaning towards this being a - ok so i 'll say it 's a 3.5 star experience ."
0 "let me begin by saying that i am not a food snob by any means . i was with my husband looking for some chinese food after a movie and we decided on this place . upon walking in i was not impressed . very run down . the people were friendly so we sat down . the seats in the booth were all ripped up . my husband and i got up to survey the food and all i can say is that it all looked questionable . the \""hibachi\ "" consisted of a bunch of raw chicken , shrimp , beef and vegetables sitting out on trays on melted ice . so you 're supposed to pile up what you want on a plate and walk into the kitchen and give it to the \""chef\ "" to cook . what ? ok ... the sushi is nothing but imitation crab rolled in rice and the rest of the food was just questionable looking . never coming back here again . i do n't understand what the other reviewers are talking about ... my husband and i walked out ."
1 very good breakfast ( mexican omelet ) and employees were welcoming and friendly . i will diffidently return on my next trip to vegas
0 "this review is for the convention / meeting room facilities . and i am not impressed . in many other cities the rio 's convention and meeting room facilities would be considered downright opulent and something a city would be proud to have for hosting events . in vegas , it 's like yawn , been there , done that , it 's a little dated and not all that . \n\nservice : hustle was the word of the day for our visit from the manager we directly worked with . got service with a smile too . when a technical difficulty came up their it staff was on the ball with a quick response . i always love that and give it mad praise when you get that kind of service . \n\nfood : the food was average . pretty to look at , slow to get on the table , servers did n't pay attention and were sloppy in getting food on and off the tables and it is insulting to tea to lump their so called offering into the category of tea . bleech . \n\nbut that 's where the positive comments come to a halt . seriously if you 're paying premium money to rent a room for an event and they roll out a cheap projector that is broken to the point they put a 9 volt battery under one corner of it so it would project a level image onto the screen ? seriously ? of all the comps i 've ever received in vegas , a 9 volt battery to fix junk equipment is the worst on the list . ( see the picture , you ca n't make this stuff up.)\n\nif you forget a clicker for your powerpoint , it 's a cool $ 125 a day rental for something i could have bought for half price had i had the time to grab a cab and run to fry 's to buy one ( including the cab fare and cabbie tip ) . i ended up making changes so it was n't needed but the price they quoted takes \""fleecing\ "" to a whole other level . \n\nwhen i compare the gold coast to the rio in terms of price vs. square footage , quality of the space , quality of the a / v equipment , and yes even the staff , the gold coast quite frankly kicks the rio 's ass hard . anyone renting space for a meeting and considering the rio needs to think long and hard about it as most likely they are not receiving the best value for their money . \n\n2 stars , and even the second star is one i 'm on the fence about giving . but a placement on my jackassery list is a must . as yes , i think sticking a braying jackass in place of the rio 's management team would do a better job of handling this place . ( again our one on site rep who i ca n't name was awesome considering she was working with crappy equipment ) . oh and the extra valet we paid for ... can someone give those guys some 5 hour energy before letting them loose to retrieve cars ? yeah , not happy . we deserve better . and we 'll be getting better ."
0 "after arriving at the nicely decorated and boisterous room i was asked what i wanted to drink . i picked regular water and received a small glass of lukewarm water no ice though i noticed bottled water was nicely chilled . hmm not a good sign but i persevered . had a rather dreary and greasy burger which i could not finish , then paid the $ 25 tab vowing never to return . \na very discouraging experience ."
0 "eh ... i 'm not such a huge fan of this place . in truth , the only reason i ever go here is because i 'm on the guest list and this is where everyone wants to go . i really ca n't understand why anyone likes this place ? ! ? ! \n\nthe decor is cool , but the layout of this place is awkward to say the least . there is n't a single place in the entire club where you do n't feel like you 're being pushed into someone . the hallways are narrow with the whole club being really dimly lit . the dance floor is way too small and overly crowded . the music is ok , but nothing to jump up and down for . the outside smoking area is long and narrow but also really crowded . \n\n#1 reason not to go here:\nthe last time i was there i kept bumping into kevin fenderline . booooo ! !"
0 i 'm confused as to why this place has such a high rating . what i ordered was the most tasteless burrito i have ever eaten in my life . not to mention the salsa was pretty bland as well . the wait staff was awesome though ! they smiled and they were really helpful . part of the reason why i did n't complain about the food while at the restaurant .
0 "not great . was hoping to like this place since they appear to have great happy hour deals and a good environment for catching games on tv , but our food came out cold and bland . at least it 's another chain that i can cross off of my \""chains i 've never been to\ "" list ."
1 "love this place ! i 've been going here since they were tiny with just a handful of tables , before they expanded . a great mom n ' pop place that offers both great service and food ! try the buffalo chicken pizza , delicious ! ! !"
1 i had the nachos with carne asada awesome.\nbean and cheese burritos were good.\nbeef taco was a tad greasy but good flavor .
1 "my family has been coming to penn mac for as long as i can remember . my parents make monthly trips to stock up on their very large array of cheeses . the prices are fantastic . for example , parmigiano reggiano at whole foods is 19.99 per lb ; at penn mac it is 14.99 per lb . the service is great , the array of products are huge , and as stated before , the prices are great . \n\nmy favorite products to purchase are:\n\nall cheeses\ndeli meats\ncanned tomatoes\npasta\n\""00\ "" flour\ncashews\nolive oil"
1 "had lunch on 2/17/12 . was one of the best experiences in a while . the new location is very nice , plenty of seating . service was quick and very good . we ordered a veggie taco , nachos , and a beef enchilada . good portions , well made , and hot . the ingredients was fresh not from a bag . the black beans were cooked and not spooned out of a can , like so many restaurants . all three choices were well done . we will be back again soon !"
0 "quite a disappointment - not at all to the quality of rm seafood . shrimp and grits was watery and sausage tasted store bought . the peach cobbler had scant canned peaches , what tasted like store bought commercial ice cream with powdered cinnamon dumped on top . service was attentive and professional but , as noted above , a big disappointment , price and the whole experience felt like it was done to a budget rather than a standard of quality . best to avoid ."
1 "thank you chris for getting us in palms clubs , we had a great time !"
0 "this locksmith store seems to know what they are doing and the only locksmith store that is capable of duplicating my key . however , i was left standing there in the store without a word on for close to 10 minutes after requesting a key to be duplicated ... \n\nwhen i said \""excuse me , i do n't mean to rush you , but could you tell me how long the process will take?\ "" i was given back the key by the owner and told that he would not be rushed . i responded \""i did not mean mean to be rude or anything\ "" he just walked away with his back turned against me . \n\nthe other employee apologized and told me to come back another time.\n\nin all honesty , how can you be the owner of a business and treat customers with so little respect and courtesy . i am not a fan ."
0 complete lack of respect for peoples time . dirty office and a staff that has even less respect for their patients ! do n't waste your time waiting here you 'll spend less time waiting and get better care in an er!. i have been waiting 1hr and 30 mins past my 2nd appointment . dr did n't even know why i was there !
0 "i rarely rant , but i feel that one star requires an explanation . see below for ranty explanation.\n\npros:\n - big rooms\n - quiet\n - cheap\n - nice view of the golf course if you select a more expensive room\n - clean rooms\n - fridge in the room\n\ncons:\n - non - smoking floor does n't guarantee that your room wo n't smell like smoke\n - unaccommodating staff\n - limited shuttle service from the airport to the hotel\n - wifi is $ 13/night\n - small , dirty gym\n - extremely limited pool hours ( closed at 6pm)\n - ridiculously difficult to find the elevators for the hotel rooms\n - far from the strip\n\n\ni had to be on the outskirts of town for a conference , and suncoast seemed like the cheapest option . i was n't expecting much , but i got even less . my first room on a non - smoking floor reeked of cigarette smoke . it took 2 nights to get a new room . in the interim , they offered to come spray my room with air freshener . i agreed and no one ever came to my room . when i was finally able to switch rooms , no one offered to compensate me , and the staff was not even apologetic . once in my new room i paid the $ 13 for wifi . the wifi was not working . after 3 calls to the front desk they promised to send a technician up . an hour later the technician had still not come up , so i called again and then had to wait an additional 15 minutes . the technician was able to connect one computer using the ethernet cable and told me that i would not have to pay for internet that night since he could not get the wifi to work . when i checked out i was charged for the wifi . after explaining what had happened to the front desk clerk , she told me that she would take it off \""this time\ "" but only because she was giving me the benefit of the doubt . this is by far the worst hotel i have ever stayed in ."
1 "why does n't this exist in nyc ? someone please stuff half a duck into a can filled with duck fat and simmer it for 27 minutes ... pretty please?\n\nwe came here for a birthday dinner and wound up having a birthday adventure . as with all of my five - star rated restaurants , this place blew me away with the food and atmosphere . although there are aspects that i can nit - pick ( e.g. unmarked bathrooms and some absent - minded waiters at times ) , i must tip my hat to the exquisite and delicious meals.\n\nhere 's what to order:\n * foie gras cromesquis - this is foie gras melted inside a fried ball of awesome . it 's like hot sex in your mouth in a very good way ( not that there 's a bad way).\n\n * tarragon bison tongue - some people may say \""ewwww tongue\ "" , but you will not be disappointed if you order this . the meat just melts in your mouth and the tongue flavor is lightly masked by a delicate sauce . i could have probably had 3 of these and that would have been good enough as a meal for me.\n\n * duck in a can - i thought this was just for the novelty of having a duck in a can being opened and poured onto your plate , but no ... it 's much more than that . it 's everything delicious and unhealthy that you 'd gladlly die for multiple times . the amount of oil and fat in this is ridiculous - you can see it giving you a heart attack before you even take the first bite , but alas , you will bite into heaven and close your eyes in pleasure . included in your half duck is foie gras - the whole chunk of it . everything about this was amazing - including the bread dipping and stomach holding afterwards . there 's too much rich , dense amazingness in this meal to be kept all to yourself , so please share.\n\neverything about the meal was fantastic . i ate here on saturday night and i 'm still full . in fact , this may be the straw that broke the back of my metabolism . it 's probably all downhill from here ..."
1 i went to wing wednesday which is all - you - can - eat wings for $ 12.99and even though they raise the prices it 's still really great deal . you can eat as many wings you want to get all the different flavors and have a good time enjoying the atmosphere . the girls are smoking hot ! all the types of sauces are awesome ! and i had at least 25 wings in one sitting . i would definitely go again just not every wednesday maybe once a month .
0 "this is a great place to get your dog 's groomed if you can get them in , the wait for an appointment is ridiculous . it 's almost worth the extra price to get them in sooner . :("
0 too slow . dish tastes so so .
0 it was okay i 've been there before in california . i think this 1 is a little different for me sometimes depends on the location but i did n't really enjoy it planet hollywood . get customer service but other than that i did n't really enjoy the food there . if it is a next time maybe i should try the 1 in green valley .
1 "i heard from family friends that this buffet is the best in vegas . the setting was nice with the seafood and dessert station in the front . the buffet is in a \""zig zag\ "" form starting from the seafood to mexican , italian , and lastly asian cuisines . the waitress was very kind and checked on us for refills . i love their peach iced tea ! the best time to come here is for lunch ( i think its 37 bucks ) . was it worth it ? hell yeah . my top 3 items would be the bone - in ribeye , wagyu slider , shrimp dim sum . i would n't say i would come here often , but if you win 40 bucks in the casino then definitely congratulate yourself with the bacchanal buffet . \n\noh btw , i love their desserts ! crepes made to order , cake pops , and pandan tiramisu .... need i say more .."
0 "ugh it gets so busy during the peak hours . i ve had to wait for a cardio machine several times . maybe i 'm spoiled by the other gyms i go to but i hate how you ca n't listen to the tv when working out or control what channels are on . yes , it 's cheap but having to wait when you 've spent 20 minutes psyching yourself up to go to the gym kind of ruins the work out . parking can be really annoying too . i went to a few classes .. not great but not horrible . recommend body works plus abs if you are looking to be sore the next day ."
0 the servers were extremely rude and rushy . \nthe man would nt allow us to get our table until everyone arrived . even though 5/7 people were already there . we did nt get our drinks until 25 mins after we were seated . food was nt that flavorful . the servers do n't make eyecontact with you and the tables are extremely close to each other .
1 "the sunday brunch at jasmine is a must ! everything gourmet all you can eat , included , truffle tuna tartar in a spinach cone , lobster eggs benedict , caviar topped mini waffles ! also a separate dessert room , creme brulee , chocolate covered strawberries ! the price per person is $ 58 is n't bad at all for the quality food you are getting , ca n't wait to go back ."
0 "horrible customer service from the manager ... the food is standard panera bread quality and not worth a trip back to this location . i walked in on 12/28 , sunday morning , melissa the cashier was friendly and efficient . then the manager , who was unorganized , running around ( it was n't busy ) and creating a chaotic atmosphere appeared . her name was jessica , as i asked the cashier before i left . she did n't smile or offer a greeting to customers , instead she was rudely speaking to the team ( complaining about a new person not understanding how to make a drink and being overwhelmed herself ) . the cashier and another team member were making 2 smoothies which had been ordered , 1 of them was mine . all was good then jessica haphazardly delegated other tasks to the team members . my smoothie was finished mixing but needed to be poured into a cup . i asked if she could pour mine before moving on to the next one so my order could be completed . she said , \""sir i know you want me to be 15 people but i 'm only one person!\ "" . i responded , \""focus on finishing 1 task before moving on to another.\ "" in addition , the team serving the sandwiches is average at best . engage your team and delight your customers to ensure repeat business and you 'll also be able to take down the \""now hiring\ "" sign . this panera is lacking in both areas and i will not be returning , it 's simply not worth it in terms of value ."
1 love this place ! italian is the best i have ever had .
0 good drinks and drink specials . food is rather bland and boring compared to mad mex .
1 "i took my niece and nephew here . i was a little worried about the location and that it would be not as nice as the pictures on the website made it look . however i was pleasantly surprised . it was a nice little amusement park located within a large park . it 's free admission , but you pay for the rides . we got wristbands for the kids as well as one for me , since my niece could not ride everything alone due to her height.\n\nthe kids had a blast going back and fourth from ride to ride . their two favorites were the \""dumbo\ "" style airplanes and the \""merry - go - round\ "" style cars ( located next to each other ) . the other favorite of the day was the train ride . it was a nice long ride ( at least 5 minutes , maybe more ) that takes you through the adjoining park . my nephew loves trains which was part of the reason we went here , and he was not disappointed . the carousel also had 2 small stationary horses which the kids enjoyed ( they usually choose to sit on benches instead of the up and down horses ) . \n\nenchanted island is definitely for younger kids , since there are maximum height restrictions on almost every ride . it was reasonably priced for a day of fun for the kids . they even have annual passes available that seemed like a good deal if you live nearby.\n\ntip : sign up for their email and you get a buy 1 get 1 free kids unlimited wristband coupon ."
1 went for breakfast early one morning . sat at the bar and had excellent service and who does n't love an omelette with bacon and brie ? the breakfast was amazing and i 'm already looking forward to my next meal there .
0 terrible customer service . i have been in there 2 times and the people always . always have such an attitude . the one on sahara is much nicer
1 "the food is good , the beer selection ca n't be beat , and they have a great happy hour 3 - 6pm . but the service is generally awful , but i am giving 5 stars still because it 's a bar , and they have tv 's and alcohol to keep you busy while you wait for service . \n\nif this was a family restaurant and the service was sub par i would n't go . but to me the beer selection and happy hour deals compensate enough for the service \n\nhappy hour is $ 5 for any draft , and they have like 50 to choose from"
0 "this place disappoints . one time i came in and they stuffed my bagel and lox with so many capers that it inedible , i had to flick them all off . the last time i came in ( and i do mean last ) there were a group of teens working ... well not actually working but standing around talking and playing tricks on each other . when they finished making my bagel they just let it sit there and did n't bother calling my name . i had to interrupt them and ask them if i could have my bagel . it 's disappointing because i use to come in this place often and the service was quick and friendly but they must be under new management now ."
0 "last night , hmmmm .... lax , it was $ 30 for women and $ 50 for men , the music was off and on ; i guess it was cool because it played house hip hop old and new music , but it played mostly old stuff , and the hip hop dj played more jay - z then i ever heard anybody play ever . i like me some jay - z but omg are you kidding me , your music line up is 95 % jay - z ! ? ! ? ... unless you have a vip spot there is nowhere to sit and rest , the little spot i found by the bar , all the workers and security was not having it , they would nt let a couple of us sit at all ; so make sure you wear flats girls , there was so many in there with flip flops and sandals . we wanted to leave so bad but after paying that much money we had to stay . i would not like to go back to lax unless i planned on getting a vip which i most likely would n't with that music selection . i expected top 40 like they said but i was thinking top 40 2012/2013 not the 90's/2000 , so a thumbs down and a boooooo ! !"
0 "the wings are great so we like to order them when we eat there or for pick up . this time we ordered 48 wings and pizza for pick up . when we got the food home and we found out we were shorted 12 wings . wtf ! ! ! you think paying over $ 50 for our order they would double check your order , right ?"
1 "this is our favorite teppanyaki place , never has sushi at this location . expect to pay $ 25 for a typical entree . we usually skip drinks to save $ $ $ .\n\nthe atmosphere is nice , good separation between the bar / sushi area and the cooking tables . i never expect anything but average service from a japanese restaurant and this is no exception . \n\nmost recently i had scallops / shrimp combo and it was delightful . scallops prepared excellent , not rubbery , ca n't say the same thing about the shrimp . daughter had chicken which always tastes a bit funny to me and son had ny steak and wife opted for the filet . as a family we all love their fried rice as part of the entree ' it 's what keeps us coming back . miso soup was average and the salad was quite good.\n\nas they say , we all left fat dumb and happy with some leftovers for lunch the next day.\n\nfamily of four with tip , $ 115 ."
1 "i would never stay here , but i play the tables . always fun . the drinks are stiff and they run specials 24 hours a day . i consider this funland.\n\nlol ."
0 "1 star for gordon ramsay just because we love his show and 1 star for the runner / busboy for our table.\n\nunlike other steakhouses , the hostesses here are more on the younger & chic side versus the usual professional looking hostesses at other steakhouses . when i walked in to look for my party 's table , the hostess just let me in without asking if i needed help on finding my party . we waited for a good 10 + minutes before our server brought us a \""drink menu\ "" and 10 minutes later the food menu . the server was friendly and professional on introducing different types of meats and we were excited to try the bone - in ribeye , lobster tail and the infamous beef wellington . \nso , here is why the -3 stars:\nwe waited 40 minutes for our entrees to arrive because the beef wellington takes 40 minutes and those of us who ordered ribeye were starving.\nthe lobster tail , more like a prawn was smallllll ! probably halves of 1/4 lb lobster . on the upside , it was fresh and delish.\nmy ribeye had so much tendon that my jaw hurts from chewing.\nthe ribeye was n't as flavorful as i would expect dry age steaks to be like . \nthe fats on the ribeye was n't seared / rendered well enough and was a lukewarm ( although it was cooked perfectly for medium)\nso chewy to a point that i decided to talk to a very detailed runner / busboy who has been very attentive to us about my steak . after i told him about all these tendons in my steak he went back and talked to our server and our server never came to our table to see if he could do anything about the steak or at least show some concerns about my $ $ $ steak.\nthe fingerling potatoes & creamed spinach was good but we did n't get to finish it because the busboy assumed we are finished and just took the plates away . \n it was just very unfortunate that my first experience a gordon ramsay restaurant ended up much less than expected and i 'd definitely go with my usual steakhouses ( joes in forum shop or sw steakhouse ) in the future ."
1 been there several times and have really enjoyed their made to order salads and pizza . my husband loves it too . i love that the pizza comes out piping hot . service is fast and very friendly and they have made some really good suggestions . great thin crust pizzas .
0 "i will gladly post and provide the police report to any owners . further comments from tammy will result in not only tammy 's arrest but a civil suit against her . any further communication is considered harassment . wiggles and wags is not the place to bring your pet . if you do then you are foolish . they use to have one girl who was great . otherwise , the place really has horrible customer service . hopefully your pets do not have any medical conditions if you choose to bring your pets to wiggles and wags as they will be in great danger ."
0 "extremely disappointed in this place . the one in scottsdale is great . this location however not so much . \n\ngot a pan pizza and literally came out as bread and cheese . there was almost no sauce on it and hardly any ingredients . it was cut into 4 giant slices , then everything fell off as i picked it up with a spatula ! not only that but on too of this , the pizza dough was n't even cooked through all the way . such a waste of money ."
1 "phenomenal ! food , staff and ambiance is impeccable ! we had the filet , ham chop , cream corn and the potato gratin . i recommend them all ! the banana cream pie was too die for and the special dessert was a brownie trifle with ice cream and marshmallow fluff , i ate until i was almost sick it was so great ! come here with an appetite and you wo n't be disappointed !"
0 "great happy hour but very crowded . dinner is overpriced and the service leaves a lot to be desired . had the scallops ( $ 26 ) and got 3 of them with 3 pieces of asparagus . not worth the price . server for got to order one of our four entrees . we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait . go for the happy hour menu , but do n't stay for dinner ."
0 "* * * ciao ciao 's gelato is pretty good but also very overpriced ( even for las vegas)***\n\nciao ciao is a gelato bar inside the forum shops at caesars . they have a good number of flavors and many of them appeared to be creative concoctions with lots of ingredients mixed in . i went with the pistachio and the mascarpone with caramel and both flavors were good . the gelato was creamy too.\n\nservice was quick and pleasant.\n\npricing was very high . i ordered a medium size and it was $ 8 before taxes . while i did not get the gelato at the more famous jean philippe in aria , i think the gelato there was about the same price ( maybe even less at jean philippe).\n\nciao ciao 's gelato was a satisfying frozen dessert . pricing was too high though . pricing is high for a lot of stuff in vegas , but i think for the prices you will pay here , you should be able to find more interesting and more well known sweets elsewhere.\n\nthe forum shops and caesars offer complimentary parking ( via valet or self parking structure ) ."
1 "the food and service were top notch . we were held captive at the mgm for a conference , and lunch here ( twice ) was a welcome break . both times , i was treating clients , and both times , the waitstaff was excellent , and the food was as wonderful as you 'd expect from emeril 's . i am not a fish eater , and i loved my burger ! good call ."
0 "i called in my order at 4:00 and they said it would be ready in 5 to 10 minutes . i asked if i could pick it up at the drive thru and they said yes or that i could come in . i waited at the drive thru for several minutes and finally backed up and parked my car only to come in and have someone assist other people but not me . i saw a bag on the to go counter and asked if that was mine . i waited 10 minutes and after that paid and got the bag only to find out that the fries were cold . i said i wanted warm fries which they said they would do , but then i thought that means that the burger and taco that i got would even be colder . i will never go back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !"
0 "i 'd really been craving fish & chips and was excited to see one right next to the store i was scrapbooking at all day on saturday . \n\nfirst off i was annoyed that there was no where inside to sit . but they have pretty good misters , so ok . i stand there looking at the menu , but have to wait for the worker guy to finish flirting with the girl at the counter before i can give my order . \n\ni ordered the combo that contains 1 fish , 4 shrimp , fries and a drink . i 'm sitting at the table reading my book with my earphones in waiting for my food , because they said they would bring it to my table . so it 's been a while and i turn around to look back at the place and they are standing in the window with my food . boo . \n\nthe only condiments that came with my food were some sauces that was very thin , kinda like a hot sauce ? but not real hot . no condiments anywhere else and no one at the window anymore . so i sit down to eat . these are shrimp ? really ? i could n't tell with all the breading . they taste like nothing . literally , they have no flavor at all . the fish was ok , but way overcooked . it was pretty dark . the fries were good , the only thing in the meal worth anything . oh , and the dr. pepper was good , but it 's hard to mess up the nectar of the gods ! \n\ni ended throwing away half my food which i never do ( and if you 've seen me , you know ) . will not be going back , ever . except maybe for dr. pepper ."
1 "this place is in the luxor on the second floor . when we got there the hostess was very friendly , since our whole party had n't arrived she said we could be seated or wait at the bar . we decided to have a drink at the bar while we waited . the bar tender gave us a menu and then proceeded to the other end of the bar ..... where he stood till someone in our group finally walked over to call him . he was to busy laughing and hanging out with the guys at the other end and totally forgot about us . \n\nafter we finally got him to come take our order , i had the carnitas and black beans it was really good.\n\nthe whole time while we ate they had some really good music playing ."
1 "i have to say , when my friend told me about the pool where girls can go topless , i was all for it . ( i wish we could 've stop by there earlier on our trip)\n\nmonday came around and my friend & i was still in vegas . she told me weeks before our trip that she wanted to check out the bare pool place on monday before we left . she asked if i would like to join her . ( f yeah!)\n\nthis bare pool is located in the mirage . we got slightly lost looking for the spot . finally we arrived and through some miracle ( and my friend 's charm ) we got in for free . we got there at around 1pm so there were the perfect amount of people : not too busy , not too slow.\n\nwe did what we normally did : bathroom stop , off with the covers , and walk right back out . i saw down for a bit in the pool . i tried out the environment first . i felt pretty chill and comfortable after a few minutes then off my bikini top goes . i did n't feel like people were staring , just simply relaxing at the pool having a good time . i think i was the 2nd person there to go topless . i thought it was a little surprising since it was las vegas ; i figure everyone there are more bold then me . ( i guess not ! lol)\n\nwe stayed there for a few hours to get rid of out tan lines we had for the past few days at the pool parties.\n\nabout 4pm people started to show up . i guess i felt like the obnoxious crowded started to fill up the spot . why did i feel that way you say ? there were scattered drunk individuals who were obnoxiously loud . i started to feel like i was at a nightclub in downtown san jose . i sat up most of the time and just scanned the area . i guess my friend notice that i 'm starting to feel uncomfortable so she said , \""lets go.\ "" \n\nthis pool was a perfect spot for you to wine down from a hectic weekend and go topless ... before 4pm on a monday.\n\nyou should stop by here at least once when you 're in town . = ]"
0 "omg\nthis is the only place i have ever been to where the server ( family help ) said they had run out of hot water to make tea . really??\nbabies crying , i was nt sure if i was at their house or restraunt ."
1 "what a great introduction to the cirque de soleil chain . i have never been to one of their shows and after seeing this water stage show , i would love to see them all . it is highly entertaining and i was at the edge of my seat . so much was going on ; you would need to go again just to catch it all . the story line is much like reading an epic of homer 's time . there are a lot of inferences and plenty of room for interpretation to the eye of the beholder . while kids may not understand all of that , they will love all of the stunts ."
0 "as a used record store : not good . another place that prices used records to sit rather than sell . basically any currently popular classic artist ( bowie , jimi , beatles , zep , etc . ) will be priced at maximum market value . why do this ? they may catch the random shopper with a coupon who does n't know records , but collectors ( mostly disheveled old men ) will pass . maybe that 's the plan ? to keep these unsavory indiduals away ? hmmmm.\nlike bookman 's , i 'm sure the vinyl sales only count for a tiny percentage of overall sales , so in their defense i 'm sure they do n't put a lot of effort into it.\nbut at these prices , they are guaranteed to keep vinyl sales to a minimum . \n2 stars for a friendly staff and a nice used book selection , but i will probably not return anytime soon ."
0 "do not do business with them ! find a place that will not take advantage of you and that you know you can trust because if they can take your money they will . very unreliable and untrust worthy . deceitful customer service and you never know if the person your speaking to is actually in charge . not consistent and if you receive the wrong info you will pay . spoke to a man who assured me the date i scheduled my bill pay would not cause me to receive a fee . sent out rent and was no problem . one month later bill pay sends out the rent a day later due to a holiday and they charge me stating that the rent shld have be be received prior to rent due and notsent out prior which was not what i was originally told . apparently the two men i spoke to before about this situation were both fired or left the company when i told them what i was told they said that ishould have asked for a supervisor and will not give me my fee back . i was under the empression that these were the people in charge of these situation since they were who i was tranfered to . although i was careful and even pay extra for rent every month they do not appreciate the business of their customer .. a single mother working two jobs and they take my money with a smile and brush me off . i expressed to them that i did n't understand how i am paying for the mistake of their employees . they apologized and said that they do not usually run their business this way yet they still refuse to refund me the fee stating \""i will speak to my supervisor but i know they will not waive the fee . ironically enough i was under the impression that i was already speaking to a supervisor . now i have to spend the remainder of my lease on edge because i can not trust them and i have broken fans and curtains that have not been fixed . these were broke the day i moved in ( 6months ago ) and they still have n't fixed them . the possibility of them blaming me are higher and higher everyday they neglect this situation . i wish i knew how deceitful they were before i moved in . if you do decide to do business with them make sure you include a third party .. preferably a lawyer . not joking . it may be the only way you wo n't be taken advantage of ."
1 "was recommended by a girlfriend whose nails looked amazing . mike did a great job with my specifications .. they are perfect .. acrylic is thin and narrow ... the polish job is fab . he made sure i was entirely dry before i left . and they removed old acrylic , gave me a full set for 30 . very reasonable . i will def . be back . ps . i heard his wife cindy is great also . but i would make an appt ."
0 "after having had lunch at the grill at eagle mountain fountain hills , az , we looked forward to being able to someday stay at the beautiful resort . a trip to az that was related to a recently deceased parent was made better with the fact that my husband booked a suite at the inn at eagle mountain for the 1 night we needed to be in town . 6 weeks prior to our trip he made the reservations and we received confirmation . we looked forward to taking solace in the gorgeous surroundings . we arrived in phoenix and as we were being shuttled to the car rental facility , my husband turned his phone on . a voice mail had been left from the inn telling us they did not have a room for us . we immediately called to find out what the problem was and were told they \""we're very sorry , but ... \ "" they had no rooms available . when we explained we had confirmation from a reservation made through the hotel ( not a travel outfit ) , they again apologized saying \""it appeared we had been ' mistakenly ' wait - listed\ "" . they offered to find us a \""comparable place to stay\ "" . we arrived at the inn about 30 mins later . our first question was why were we not notified until we had arrived in town . their reply was that they were waiting to see if there might be a last minute cancellation . as an explanation we were told that new owners had recently taken over and were not well versed in the customer service aspect of hotel management . the receptionists agreed that this was unacceptable . they did get us booked into another local hotel . far from the beautiful ambiance of the eagle mt properties and the comfort of a king - size suite , we were directed to the nearby marriott courtyard , in a room with double beds . disappointed , does n't describe how we felt . a \""sorry\ "" from the desk and absolutely no suggestion of compensation left us feeling as though we were unimportant as guests . so , no , we will not be returning to inn at eagle mountain ! we will not be recommending the inn at eagle mountain ."
0 i tired to call this place to make sure it was open before going back and the phone number no longer works . from what i understand they 're under new ownership . so i took the chance and made the drive out . thank god they were open . \nthe food was ok ... nothing completely outrageous . they did n't have any mango and sweet rice . i 've come to terms that i just wo n't be able to get any until mangos are back in season : ( \nthe staff was nice . i only saw a man and a woman but i assume there was a cook in the back .
0 "steak was horrible . was hungry , still could n't eat those burned coals . raw meat , no marination . all other foods were ok ( meh ) . they get a lot of customers , so you guess what kinda service you might get . over all over - rated restaurant !"
1 just discovered fh recently while looking at their you tube video about tx programing for a blade 350qx.\n\ni wanted to purchase a umx pitts and they had the item in stock and also had a 5 % off coupon active.\n\nthe on - line ordering was easy and the item arrived in california in about 3 days.\n\ni usually buy from a larger on - line e - tailer buy i think i 'll be doing more business with fh as a result of this great experience .
1 "excellent pour y bruncher ! bon service , belle d\u00e9co , tr\u00e8s belle d\u00e9couverte . j'y retournerais pour d\u00eener ! je vous le conseil fortement ."
1 "do n't let the fact that this place is inside the paris casino fool you.\n\nmy friend gabi , you were so delish . paris casino has dropped from its prime , if it ever was on same level as the other major properties so you would n't expect the food at this place to be at such a high level.\n\nsince the wait was crazy long for outdoor seating , i opted for sitting inside which was fine because it reminded me of the autumn brunches and afternoons i had in paris , very traditional decor inside with dark rich colors . the tables here just like in paris are crammed together . the service was great , i had the plate du jour , which was a meatloaf sandwich , this is a classic french bistro so the bread they give you was incredible enough , and the bread for the sandwich did not disappoint either . the meat in the sandwich was yummy , but it was rather petite , the fries that accompanied the sandwich was a disappoint though . they were crispy but too thin for me , and this is a french bistro so why are you offering me ketchup ? i had to ask for mayo , and out comes this big - ass gravy boat of mayo , they did n't have any small sauces cups or something . besides the size the mayo tasted like homemade , french people love mayo to the point that they will make their own , and this is not home - made.\n\noh i had a drink which was okay too , really decent price , good joint , make reservations ( online or phone ) , sit outside unless it is sweltering and enjoy ."
0 "flashback around 10 years ago . my first trip to vegas . imagine the amazement of this place and what was going to await me when i get to the strip . amazed at how the airport looked with the flashing lights and marquees and the slot machines going off . \n\nflashforward to now after a few more trips and to this week , my latest trip there . the place needs a new overhall . they spent a shitload of money on the new city center in vegas on the strip but they ca n't seem to spend money on the airport , which looks the same and still has the same everything that this place had when i first started going to vegas . seriously , change things up a little . make it more pleasing to the eyes . hell , a new paint job would do wonders ! not really asking for an sfo type overhall . just update the place a little . please ?"
1 "heard a lot of high regard for the place and i figured wife and i would be disappointed and did n't feel like waiting in the line . figured it was more hype than actual goodness . i was wrong.\n\nthe wait was probably 30 minutes , but the beer selection and the ability to get the beers in different sizes made the wait a non - factor.\n\nsat at the bar and the prices were more than reasonable with very laid back friendly service . not the world 's best bbq , but very good . the atmosphere learns a lot to the senses and i enjoyed the meal . the smoked sweet potato was a perfect side dish . rib tips were not the meatiest tips i 've had , but very good . wife had the brisket and was impressed . not too moist , not too dry , the way she likes it.\n\nserving size is n't huge , but enough to fill the belly after some beers . definitly a worth while visit.\n\ngreat staff , service , atmosphere , beer , and food . what else could i ask for , i guess i paid the cheap urbana parking meter , but i 'm sure there is a free lot and i think the parking is free after hours ."
1 monica was super kind and helpful ! i highly recommend renting a storage unit at this location . the staff is great !
1 i 've been to several brazilian steakhouses in and out of the usa and this was definitely the best . the food and service are both amazing .
0 "sorry to say but i will not be giving my business to ti in the future now that it is under new management.\n\nwhile there are great reviews about ti on yelp , my experience leaves me rather disappointed . it should be noted that i visit las vegas regularly and i know what level of service to expect from a major resort.\n\nmy party and i arrived to find an hour long line at checkin which the hotel was not staffed properly for and when checking in , the hotel did not have the room type booked available and suggested that a rollaway cot can be delivered to the room in 60 - 90 minutes.\n\nthe mandatory resort fee included perks that simply were n't available such as vip access to the sirens show which i did n't care for it but do n't advertise it as a perk if you are not prepared to deliver.\n\nour original reservation had us staying two nights and when we decided to inquire whether a third night stay is possible and what rate would be extended to us , the reservation agent simply stated $ 199/night . now , i have been in vegas enough to know that rack rates are a bunch of bull , especially on a sunday night during christmas . i asked again if there is anything they could do on the rate and the agent again stated no.\n\ni took my business across the street to the venetian at $ 208/night and if you have stayed at the venetian , you know there 's a world of difference there . fast , courteous service from the venetian but not ti ."
1 they are always so friendly ! ! !
0 "first off , the creme brulee gelato was fantastic and if i was only reviewing that jean philippe 's would be a solid 4 stars . it actually tasted like creme brulee ( i hate how creme brulee flavored things taste nothing like it - it 's worse than fruit flavored stuff that may or may not even be the same color of the fruit it is supposed to represent).\n\nhowever , this is all about the savory crepes they have.\n\nmy first tip off that i should avoid them was how there really were n't any reviews when i looked them up on the the ol' phone even though there were 400 + reviews for this place ( a total of 26 when i just filtered them online - so clearly not what people come here for ) . the moral of the story is you wo n't be able to make any substitutions because they just microwave little bowls of the filler to put in that freshly made crepe of yours . so existentially you are buying yourself a frozen dinner - which is what it tasted like.\n\nyou also get a little blah salad to really round the order.\n\nconsidering the plethora of great food options in the vicinity i was really disappointed ."
1 "i 've never had falafel from anywhere but p.j and h.b ( in tempe ) before , but when a friend of mine wanted to meet me for lunch here on monday , i jumped at the chance to try a new place . \n\ni ordered the falafel pita ( of course ) and a choice of soup or salad came with the meal . i opted for the salad . both the salad and falafel were tasty . price for my meal - under $ 6 \n\nmy only gripe is when i was asked what i wanted to drink after i sat down . our food came out , and yet i was still without a beverage . so , i asked again for a glass of water . finally 5 minutes later , she brought me a glass . \n\nother than the beverage oversight , everything was great ."
1 "this is still a great place to get a quick bite to eat . do not be intimidated by the long lines . these people are pros and can get people in and out of line fast . they are famous for their delicious shrimp cocktail , which anyone who plays even a little can easily get as a comp . the rest of their menu is pretty good too . i keep telling myself i 'm only going to get a sandwich or bowl of chili , but each time i find myself adding a shrimp cocktail to my order . on this visit , the guy making sandwiches looked new since he kept having to look at the menu to make sure he was putting everything he was supposed to on the sandwich . it still turned out to be one of the best sandwiches i 've had in a long time.\n\none thing to note : water is not free here . a cup of water is $ 1 or you can buy a bottle of water which i think is also $ 1 . the only bottles they have are the same ones you get from the cocktail waitresses ; the small bottles . just splurge and get a soda or a bottle of sobe . they do n't charge that much for them and you 're already getting a deal on the food . they even have cheap bottles of beer that go great with the shrimp.\n\nthere was a sign up saying that the original shrimp cocktail will soon be $ 1.99 even for club members , but that members could get 99 cents price for one club point . not a big deal for me since i usually play a little each visit . one club point is one dollar coin in meaning that if you put a dollar in a slot machine and lose it , you get a point . if you get lucky and turn that dollar into $ 1000 , you still get a point . so worst case scenario you are still just paying the regular $ 1.99 price . still a great deal ."
1 "lots of beers available . several wines available as well . good selections of both beer and wine to choose from . burger and a beer for $ 10 every we d . after 4 pm . the burger is awesome , one of the best around as of late . great deal . nice patio overlooking camelback mtn . live music on occasion ."
0 "omg this mcdonald 's is so rude , they do n't smile and they look like they hate everyone . they always get my order wrong and i 've been there only 3 times . do n't go here bad customer service ."
0 "overall , i have had an extremely negative experience with the people running this rescue . my adopted puppy is wonderful , thankfully healthy , and the process of adopting was easy and straightforward , however moondoggies absolutely disappeared after i paid my adoption fee and spay deposit and failed to follow through on any of their commitments . at the adoption meeting , i was told that she was microchipped already , and as soon as she was old enough to spay the rescue would arrange a spay appointment for me with one of their vets ( i was told i was welcome to use a vet of my choice , but in that case i would be responsible for covering the bill ) . the foster mom also said that she would follow up in a week to make sure that the adoption was going smoothly . i never heard from them . i sent many e - mails ( about 5 or 6 over the course of four months ) and left several phone messages asking for her microchip information and for details on how the spay would be scheduled . they also never responded when i was having difficulty activating my free sheltercare pet insurance . despite their lack of communication , i was still giving them the benefit of the doubt thinking that they were extremely busy , disorganized , or something of that sort . once the month of her spay approached , i started to become much more suspicious of their behavior and decided to investigate . that is when i found these yelp reviews , and i could n't believe that so many other adopters had the exact same experience ! \n\ni talked to my friend who is an attorney , and he suggested that i notify moondiggies that i will take them to small claims court if they do not follow through on their promises designated in the contract , our e - mails , and in our conversations with the foster mom . low and behold , i get a response within one hour of sending that e - mail ! i was very frustrated that they had been ignoring all of my previous communications efforts , but i was happy that they were offering to follow through with the spay and microchipping . unfortunately , after one or two e - mails promising to schedule these appointments , they again dropped all communication . i still intend to follow up with our attorney.\n\ni have wanted to give this rescue the benefit of the doubt because it is run by volunteers , but after these experiences i am very doubtful of their legitimacy . if they are in fact a rescue , they are very poorly run and are , even if unintentionally , still cheating people out of their money and not following through on their commitments . what concerns me most is that due to their shady behavior with me and so many others who have posted reviews , i am doubtful that they are a legitimate rescue . i contacted petfinder.com to see if they had any more information on this rescue , and they informed me that due to many complaints moondoggies has been removed from their site ( i definitely commend petfinder on their great mission and the responsibility they showed in investigating questionable rescues ) . i truly hope that this is an organization that is really trying to help homeless pets , and that these reviews will help convince them that they need to change the way that they are running their business ."
0 "service was fine - i sat at the bar.\npartially this might be my mistake - i came here for late lunch . i was n't sure if i was into having an 8 oz burger ( ie the big bun ) so i decided to go for the tiny buns ( 3 sliders per serve).\n\n2nd mistake - i ordered something other than a beef patty ( pretty obvious this is a beef place ) . i ordered the ahi sliders.\n\nso yes maybe other choices would have been better . but for a place with burgers as main attraction as a burger ? the slider buns were very disappointing - cold and hard . the ahi had a spicy herb crust on the outside and tasted decent ( nothing to rave about ) , the cucumber and slaw under the quartered piece of ahi were actually in my opinion the highlight . in fact i would have paid for that to be an ahi cucumber salad much more happily.\n\nsweet potato fries i added were decent - but again not really memorable.\n\nthe redeeming thing ? the margarita i ordered was very nice ."
0 "food is terrible ! between the pulled pork , ribs and meatloaf , all were dry , overcooked and tasteless . they all seemed to taste like they were yesterday 's leftovers and left in a warming oven . i had a baked potato which was undercooked like they threw it into the microwave for a few minutes . it was crunchy like celery and tasteless . \n\ni've never been to a place that they called a bbq restaurant and had such poor quality where the wait staff tries to recommend what to avoid . there are a lot better restaurants in ballantyne and surrounding areas . do n't waste your money on this one ."
0 really ... 2 thin slices of roast beef on a sandwich . i would be embarrassed to serve such a lame sandwich
1 "belle ambiance , belle \u00e9quipe de service ( authentique et accueillante ) , bonnes boissons et tapas ! \n\nterrasse chauff\u00e9e ( attention toutefois \u00e0 ne pas \u00eatre trop proche des lumi\u00e8res chauffantes ... car \u00e7a chauffe dur!\n\ndommage qu'ils ne fassent pas de sangria ... ;) m\u00eame si le lo spriz ( vin blanc , sirop de p\u00eache , romarin et soda ) est une bonne alternative \u00e0 la sangria blanche !"
1 "i often wondered why gorgie road smelled like shit . turns out because there is a farm on it ! who knew!\n\nso this is where mothers bring their children in their buggies during the week . i was intrigued by the whole city farm idea , especially when edinburgh is actually a pretty small city which is surrounded by farms . but it has its purpose . entry is by donation and as this place is run by volunteers and funded by donations , it is worth giving up a few quid . there are chickens , goats , a sheep and lots of small animals . i think it is more geared towards very young kids , as older kids will be all like \""a sheep , so what?\ "" \n\nthere is also a produce stand selling various produce from the farm . it perhaps is n't as exciting as a day out at the zoo , but it is cheap , there is a bus stop outside and will entertain the young kids for a few hours ."
1 "overall good experience . loved the garlic tapenade and bread , paired with a 2009 louis martini cab.\n\ncaesar salad was ok , a little watery instead of pasty bold flavor , fixed with a little extra dressing.\n\ni ordered the rib eye special , the husband ordered pasta with sausage , neither were memorable . our friends enjoyed the chilean sea bass and lasagna\n\nour waiter glenn was good and accommodating.\nwe did n't care for francisco the asst . waiter , limited english and not helpful ."
1 "maybe it was a matinee viewing of \""get him to the greek\ "" last weekend . no matter how it happened , i have been all about greek food the last few days . following up my delicious gyro feta on tuesday , i decided to try out cyprus grill , right around the corner from my stomping grounds . the place is right next to trader joe 's , so i am not sure how i missed it before tonight . walking in , cyprus has a smallish set - up with hardwood floors and some outside seating ( with misters , thankfully ) . \n\ni was immediately greeted by the hostess / cashier / etc with a huge smile , which always lets me know i made a good choice . with all of the complaints about customer service on yelp , i would think more restaurants would train their staff right , and cyprus certainly has do so . from an earlier yelp review , i knew exactly what i wanted : the spartan club ( a pita sandwich with grilled chicken , gyro meat , lettuce , tzatziki , feta , and hot sauce ) with greek fries . my new friend offered an upsize in fries , but they were bad enough as a side , so i was fine with the normal order . after about 8 - 10 minutes , i was on my way.\n\nsimply put , the sandwich is fantastic . i love pita bread , and this was soft and tasty , but strong enough so it was n't breaking with the weight of the sandwich . the chicken was excellent , if not overcooked just a touch , and the gyro meat was as good as any i have had . the tzatziti sauce was lighter than i like , but it and the feta certainly added to the meal . the one issue i had with the sandwich was my own fault . the hot sauce seemed like a strange addition for it , and even though it added a little bite , it eventually overcame the spartan . do n't get me wrong , it tastes great , but i would probably go without the hot sauce next time.\n\nthe greek fries were fantastic as well . sometimes with greek fries , the lemon overcomes the rest of the meal , but it was a perfect compliment to the melted feta and seasoning.\n\nall in all , another great greek meal and well worth the solid price you pay for it ."
1 "love the community atmosphere offered by herb'n flavors . my very , very favorite dishes are : \n- lentil soup \n- kale and beet salad \n- vegan cheese cake \nstaff is extraordinarily friendly , and the food is affordable ."
0 "only giving a two because it 's 247 . drinks .. blah . espresso .. bleh ! someone walked off with my phone there too when i went to the bathroom . wtf ! ! ! employees were extremely unhelpful when asked if they noticed anyone walk up to where i was sitting ( plain view of the counter ) . i canceled the phone 30minutes later when i got home , six international calls made from it from the time it was walked off with . do n't bother trying to call this place either the phone does n't get answered . or at least did n't . did i mention the espresso is bleeh ? ?"
1 "i had a great experience here . in my trip to vegas i loved being able to get a great breakfast at 1am . our server jesse was very accommodating and on his job . the atmosphere in the cosmopolitan was awesome , cool lighting design and the dj was playing some smooth mixes . \n\ni had the the henry breakfast with avocado , and sourdough bread . hot coffee to balance out all my beer drinking . i ca n't wait to come back next time i 'm in las vegas ."
1 "whoo hoo ! a friend from nogales brought me one of these tortas 4 years ago & i 've been hooked since . gustavo ( the owner ) & his lovely wife and their 2 cute kids are the beginning of this great experience . everything here is good and a whole lot cheaper than many bona fide mexican places . my favorite is the pollo ahogado , aka drowned chicken torta . it has avocado , just a few jalapenos ( and is the only way i 've ever been able to eat those ) , and the most amazing red sauce . i ask for the salsa inside the sandwich just to be sure . you will need 15 - 20 napkins and may not be able to conquer the whole thing if you 're a chica like me . by the way ..... if you go in here twice , you get treated like a friend . they are awesome . oh ! and the \""boing\ "" juices are from one of the only union - run beverage cooperatives in mexico . :) they 're good , too ."
0 "the restaurant was empty when we went . it was kind of cool , felt like i reserved the whole restaurant for me and my lady . \n\ni am giving this place 2 stars because the food was ok . but the place looks dirty and there was a roach crawling on my seat ."
1 "i 've been going to unique since i was little .... when it was called chic n ' cheap . i always find at least one decent thing at unique . granted it does n't have tons of great stuff , but it is a great stop on a shopping day . and this is nt a psudeo thrift store that more of a vintage store and therefore can charge non - thrift prices . i 'm talking shirts under a dollar . yeah ."
0 "important note - we are both vegetarian.\n\ni mention this because the focus is obviously on meat , which may be great , but any good restaurant can cook their veggies . we go to four and five diamond restaurants often and are overall pretty easy.\n\nwhile they were accomodating to us , what we got was a mediocre salad , a platter of roasted vegetables , and a veggie pasta . these are the most obvious items , which unfortunately were only poorly executed . \n\nthe ambiance is beautiful , but very casual . great for kids - not the best for a romantic dinner . it felt like a very high end olive garden to us . loud , many large tables , good decor - overall solid.\n\nat the end of the day , i am more critical here because of how many amazing vegas restaurants there are . the convenience to shopping is wonderful , as well as the decor , but the creativity and overall execution was poor ."
1 "i have been getting rony 's scissor cut for the past seven years . i have difficult , thick , kinky / curly hair and he knows how to make sure it looks good- immediately after the cut , and when it fills in too . in addition to a great cut , it is a pleasant break to talk and joke with rony while in his chair . finally , he has his own place ! his prices are more competitive than in his past shops and and he still gives the best scissor cut in the valley . shoulder massage and hot / cold towel , and rinse too , if you want ."
1 "oh how i love coffee bean ! there are none where i live , so i made my co - worker come here for coffee two days in a row . i got my coffee fix with a great white chocolate mocha . something about their drinks are better - creamier maybe ? the service was decent - not exceptional fast , but fine . they are also located conveniently above the bouchon kiosk , so we went downstairs to grab pastries after getting coffee ."
1 "fabulous little spot . hubby had banana and nutella stuffed french toast and two perfectly cooked over easy eggs , i 'm not into sweet stuff for breakfast , but he loved it . me ... i had the manhattan omelet .... one of the best omelets i have ever had . not a big pancake fan , but the ones with my omelet were wonderful . we 're looking forward to enjoying more items on their menu before heading back to the rainy , but beautiful , northwest . service outstanding . definitely go to flapjacks ! !"
0 we ate breakfast here a few days ago since we are staying at mandalay bay . note to future hotels guests : skip this and go to raffles or citizens instead.\n\nwe are pretty sure that most of what they serve for breakfast is pre made and sitting in chafing dishes in the back . everything came out within 90 seconds ... none of it was hot ... and it was definitely not cooked to order . i wo n't waste time a long review with detailed food items - and maybe their lunch or dinner is better - but 50 bucks for premade breakfast - no way ! \n\none star - yuk ! ! !
0 "first and foremost , i should tell you i 'm giving them 1 star simply because i ca n't give them 0 stars.\n\ni booked a room for 3 days during edc weekend- had an early flight so i called a few days before(thursday ) to see if they allowed early check - in , was told absolutely . we arrived 8:30/9:00am to find that their system had been down since tuesday and they could n't check - in until 3:00 . should n't i have been told that when i called on thursday ? after walking the strip in 100 degree heat all morning , i went back to aria around 1:00 to see if anything had changed- it had n't . i hung out in the lobby until 3:00 only to find that check - in had been pushed to 5:00 because the computer system was n't back up . tell me this- what did we do before computers ? \ncurrently , there are 500 + people in the lobby waiting to check - in(the line wraps around the building ) . and what 's being done ? absolutely nothing . \n\nway to go aria- we paid a premium price for a premium experience and what do we get ? a day of vacation absolutely wasted ."
0 "once again i had the hankering for some dim sum , time frame , travel plans ect took me back to gb i guess i was thinking for some reason it would hit the spot ........... not once again the food was mediocre as well as the selection of dishes sticky rice nowhere to be found this round shrimp dumplings fair other seafood choices in dumpling form fair as well , nothing i had made me say wow this is really good"
1 "my admiration for public house started as my colleagues and i enjoyed our first round of drinks and an incredible meal here upon arriving to las vegas . among many other things , the menu was refreshingly unique compared to the other options that skirt the strip and casinos , but then , the food was delivered by a personable server with some noteworthy and rare selections of wine & beer ... the meal was so good and the drinks made a perfect pair,\n\nbut wait ... there 's more . the next night we decided to take our clients here for drinks after our dinner meeting - we had about 40 in our party and the service , let alone the drinks and atmosphere were onpoint . the manager 's and servers ensured everyone was taken care of and our client feedback was truly spectacular - sure , they were in good company but that was just icing on the cake in comparison to the incredible drinks , service , and atmosphere public house provided.\n\nwe will be back !"
0 this place has been charlotted . that means a place was once cool and now the soul has been sucked out of it .
1 "central library is undoubtedly my favourite library and one of my favourite places to hang out in edinburgh . it 's a veritable treasure trove for the literary minded and a great place to spend a few hours if you 're a bit skint . the ground floor has a large selection of books ; ranging from fictional novels to foreign language titles to travel guides , it also has a good selection of dvds that are far cheaper to rent than those in video shops . the first floor reading room is like taking a step back in time , there is a beautiful domed ceiling and lots of ancient reference books . there are tables where you can read newspapers and computers where you can browse the internet for free - all in wonderful , deathly silence . bliss ."
0 "nah . my friends did not like the poke / seafood salad ... and i tasted it , it was not good ."
0 this place has a nice look and lots of friendly wait staff but the food was very bland overpriced for the quality . they only serve beer and wine and the beer is all cheap stuff like bud light and corona . we ate here our first night at the hotel and decided not to eat here again . i 'd suggest going to luna rosa just across the street .
0 i gave this place a chance . numerous times ... but i now feel 100 % confident in saying i will never walk into this location ever again . the clothes are cheap and worth the one or two wears ... but i refuse to look or speak to any of those rude employees . it 's like you ruin their day asking for something . hr did a great job hiring the worst group of people ever . have i mentioned that awful high pitched alarm that is constantly going off at the register ? ? i 'll take my 20 bucks to one at fashion square .
0 "being from the midwest , i 'd never had del taco . ca n't really say i 've missed anything : the bag probably had more flavor than the cold , limp fries and unmelted cheese on the all - lettuce \""chicken\ "" tacos ."
0 "we went that for lunch around 2 pm . the place was pretty empty , but it still took our waitress 10 minutes to come over and acknowledge us . that is ok , sometimes a waitress has other stuff going on . however , ordered a bison burger and it came out rare . asked for it to be cooked more and after 40 minutes of waiting , the new burger again came out rare and the salad that comes with it sat under a heat lamp for the 40 minutes . the manager and waitress were unapologetic . will not eat at this location ever again ."
1 "so many amazing things about this spot ! let 's start with the quaint location . it is n't some huge chain italian restaurant . it 's a small spot with inside and outside seating ( of course , the outside is still technically inside since it 's in the venetian . ) we were seated immediately and multiple servers greeted us and made sure we were taken care of . i ordered the special : cheese ravioli with roasted tomato marinara and fresh buffalo mozzarella . incredible . my husband had the pesto gnocchi -- also incredible ! ! the garlic rolls that came out before our entrees were delicious . they were warm and cheesy and served with balsamic vinegar and oil . our meal , start to finish , took no longer than 40 minutes . i was impressed by the service , the food , and the whole experience ."
0 "oh . my . sweet . jesus . what . in . lord . buddha 's . name . is . this . restaurant . doing?\n\nwhere to even begin here ? the food is piss poor , the restrooms looks like the one from that horror movie \""saw\ "" , and the service because of the language barrier is horrible . ( i may be asian , but i 'm definitely not chinese)\n\nthe waitress was nice and kind , but she did n't understand anything that we were saying.\n\nthe food smelled off and was unbelievably greasy , you have no idea . i wish i took photos , but i could n't because i did n't want a picture of that disgusting pile of slop on my phone . \n\nplease heed my warning , do not eat here . do not eat here . do n't do it , it is a total waste of money . this place is terrible . i will give it a second chance only if it steps up its game better ."
0 went in to get a quick haircut one morning and the stylist cut my hair crooked . i am not sure how she did not notice because it was prerty bad . went somewhere else to have it fixed .
0 "disappointing .... low quality , high price , weak customer service , not what used to be , poor management and supervising ."
1 "great atmosphere to enjoy a sunday brunch ! wait was not bad they will text you when table is ready . portion vs price ratio was good . we had fresh orange juice and coffee , banana nut flapjacks and the mr. had eggs benedict with delicious hash browns ! will definitely be back again ."
1 "the food was pretty amazing for the price and omar was a very friendly , helpful server ! we ate until we were stuffed for $ 22 , we 'll definitely be back ."
0 "wow , this restaurant has the worst customer service ! came in for lunch around 11:30 and the restaurant was pretty empty . we were a party of two and the \""host\ "" told us it would be a minute or so , then another party of two comes in and he goes to seat them right away ... it was n't until i spoke up that he then sat us first . then to make a really long bad experience short , we waited over an hour for appetizers and then was overcharged ! when i pointed it out to the \""waitress / bartender\ "" she first tried saying its because i got a filling in my taquitos ! really ? because the menu states choice of filling for $ 6.89 , she then said its a glitch in the register system ! whatever , i 'll stick with viva mercados !"
1 "first ill start off with saying my truck is currently getting repaired at als this very moment and i will update my review as soon as i pick it up . what brought me into als unibody and frame repair shop . about 3 weeks ago i bought a 2003 dodge dakota in last week to have al take a look at it . i bought the truck off craigslist and got ripped off big time . not only did i have to put $ 2,000 in repairs to the motor and tranny within not even a week of owning it , i found out after pressing my breaks hard and hearing a loud pop underneath my truck and it pulling hard to the right that my frame was pretty much cracked in half . the seller used bondo and paint to hide it . i took the truck in to 3 different auto collision center 's and was turned down by 2 of them and the 3rd one estimated the damage to be at $ 3,500 . i decided to do some more shopping and found some private welderd and was turned down by all 3 . one of them recommended i take it to al . i m glad i did . he put my truck on the lift and checked it over explaing everything in detail . after looking my truck over he said i would need a comple right side frame piece from another truck . he called several junk yards and got a few different prices and went with the that cost me less . when he showed md the estimate he wrote up i thought there must have been a typo coming in a little over $ 2,000 less then what the other shop quoted me . of course i went forward with the repairs i felt real comfortable leaving my truck in his hands . i never felt pressured into anything and i never got the feeling that he was \""in it for tge money.\ "" now with all that being said he definitely made a good first impression and as soon as i pick up my truck i will update this review and tell about my experience after repairs r done"
0 after posting my review i was contacted and reimbursed for the dinner portion of our visit .
0 "this cupcake place simply sucks . you have to wait to get in , but once you taste the cupcakes they are horrible . the cake has no flavor and lacks something . the toppings make it appealing until you taste the whole cupcake . i tossed the cupcake i bought for lack of flavor , my kids also got rid of theirs ."
0 went here for the second and last time yesterday . today the employee i spoke with just did n't seem to care about anything . their selection is hit or miss . the place is a bit run down and prices are certainly full retail . there are better shops around so i give up on this one .
0 "after waiting so long for the reopening , thai spice was a big disappointment . the food was bland , unoriginal , and pretty much what i do n't look for in thai food . going with a group of friends mostly versed in thai food , we proclaimed that thai spice wo n't be a reoccurring lunch spot . we ordered the pad see ew ( $ 9.95 , and had some goofy name on the menu ) , the green curry beef ( $ 10.95 ) , the larb pork ( $ 9.96 ) , the chicken fried rice ( $ 9.95 ) , and the one sun beef jerky ( $ 8.95 ) . everything was ordered with \""medium spice\ "" and \""thai style\"".\n\nthe pad see ew was served without chinese broccoli as an option . the sauce was some sort of a generic chinese style teriyaki sauce . the chicken was bland . there was no spice , and even with gobs of their chili powder ( which we had to ask for ) , there still was n't much flavor or heat . pad see ew is an easy dish , and somehow thai spice still makes it bland . unfortunately , this was the best dish of the meal.\n\nthe green curry with beef was also a miss . lightly sweet and without much flavor at all , or spice , it was boring to eat . just plain boring . the occasional bell pepper was the only thing that gave this dish any interesting flavor . i have had worst tasting curries , but this one was probably one of the blandest curries i have ever had . what 's the point of eating this again?\n\nthe larb with pork was border line gross . it was the most offensive dish that we had , and one of my friends just plain could n't stand it . the flavor was off . it had a lot of vinegar , along with a poorly balanced blend of herbs that were just totally unappealing . again , no heat at all to even cover up the bad flavor . do yourself a favor and do n't order the larb here.\n\nthe chicken fried rice was unoffensive . it was also bland as heck . the chicken was dry , and there was no flavor to speak of . is this food for 5 year olds?\n\nyeah , the jerky was n't good either . the sauce was uninspiring and overly salty . the meat tasted of poor quality . i had to convince my one friend who had never had thai jerky before that it is actually really good at some other places.\n\nthai spice is some of the most bland \""thai\ "" food i have ever had , and americanized to boot . there were a lot of chinese dishes on the menu . you might want to just stick to the chinese stuff . if you 're looking for thai flavors , go somewhere else ."
0 "messed up my whole order , the drink they gave me was watered down they also never gave me my receipt ! never going to this location ever again ."
1 "enjoyed a wonderful lunch meeting here last week with a great view of the famous aquarium . while we were eating the aquarium was being cleaned by professional divers and the experience was surreal . i had the watermelon / feta salad and the blackened flounder with asparagus , and walked out in that sweet zone between hungry and stuffed , also known as ' just right ' . service was excellent as well ."
0 visit the free kid shows in the casino ... but do not stay in this roach motel . period.\n\nthe bed sheets have all kind of unmentionable stains and holes . very musty odor in the room . i am not surprised if they even have bed bugs . stay away as far as you can.\n\nif there is negative or 0 start then this hotel needs it badly .
0 "the bbq is mediocre at best . good to great bbq should be moist and tasty without the addition of sauce . one of their \""displays\ "" is an array of their sauces , which indicates they do n't have much faith in ability to serve quality bbq . \n\nnext , the man taking my order was a jerk . as a former waiter , cook , dishwasher , and bartender , as well as a successful small business owner , i know that no matter how bad a day you are having , you do not take it out on your customers . i order the spicy beans , and he said , \""they're hot.\ "" i stated , \""that 's okay ; i 'm from texas.\ "" i said that b / c every time someone up here says food is hot it is not very hot save for some asian restaurants . he then stated , \""i do n't give a crap where you 're from , it 's hot!\ "" \n\ndue to the poor attitude of this man and the poor quality of the bbq , i will not be returning and will definitely steer people away from it if i have the chance ."
0 "i was excited about having a ny og with the red onions i love so much . i do n't know why they ( and other hot dog shops ) ca nt use the standard bun instead the fancy ones that are just too much bread . anyway , if you order , ask them to hold the mustard so you can apply it yourself . they flooded mine with mustard and killed any chanve of enjoying the onions ."
1 "great bbq . i lived in one of the bbq meccas for 10 years , kansas city and this is good . had ribs , fall off bone delish good flavoring . also had pulled pork , mine is better but this is very good . liked the beans and the sauces . the only draw back the slaw . no flavor , no hints of vinegar seasonings or even cream , like corky 's famous slaw from memphis . just a thought it was just too dry for me ."
1 "to quote my previous review : \n\""i'm calling this 3.75 stars , but i 'd easily give another star if there was some mango sticky rice available with the boofay for dessert , but i 'll admit that 's a lot to ask . \""\n\n==\nwell , i did n't get my mango sticky rice , but the saturday boofay contained a few items not there during weekday lunch , including a wonderful thai custard tart with apple slices and a seasonally updated version of the fruit salad with tons of ripe mango , strawberry , and pineapple.\n\nthe hot line had a few extras as well . there were more seafood dishes than during the week , a unique thai ' salsa ' with diced green / red peppers and avocado , and a new crispy tofu number i had n't ever seen before.\n\ni also got to experience the same level of friendly , attentive service i 've grown to expect , but from a completely different set of staff.\n\nconsistency like this points to a very well run establishment.\n\nso since i promised i 'd do it , 4.75 stars !"
0 "my rating is based on the fact that as a vegetarian , they charge $ 8 for a small mediocre bean burrito . maybe if this bean burrito were exceptionally good or large in size , but it was neither . i 'm not saying that if your idea of mexican food is chipolte , you will not find what you are looking for and be happy here . but if what you offer your vegetarian customers is deleting the meat and not adding anything else and charging full price , i can get much better elsewhere and pay way less . \n\ngringos : take off the chipolte blindfolds ! go to a real mexican restaurant and see what real food is supposed to taste like !"
1 "this place changed my life ! ! i had never had stone crab until i came to joe 's and it is amazing ! ! ! the service here is great . atmosphere is a little dull , but service and food make up for it . they have these onion rolls in the bread basket that are delicious ! ! ! had fantastic calamari , decent salad and perfectly cooked filet , but next time would only get stone crab ! yum ! ! !"
0 "for my first trip to a vegas buffet i expected more . the food was tasty , and seemed to be of high quality , but there was n't the variety that i heard so much about . for $ 35 a pop i expected more ."
1 "great costo . they are different than the regular warehouses . specializing in restaurant and convenience items this warehouse is packed with supplies and bigger food packs . i love the selection of torani products as well as prepared veggies ( cut and ready to serve onions , lettuce , salads , etc ) they do n't carry everything that regular costco does and some things are too big for the regular home customer but the ability to buy plastic restaurant style glasses for cheap is terrific ! ( great for tile floors ! ) i love the selection of snack foods and specialty drinks . i also buy thrifty ice cream here !"
1 "amazing store with beautiful and unusual merchandise . i got in the wrong line and lost my place in line . jessica apologized even though it was all my fault . she immediately put me at ease and i felt glad to be at the store . thank you , jessica . you are so awesome ! !"
1 "i love red square and go there every time i go to vegas . the attention to detail that went into designing this place is quite impressive . the decor is fashioned after and inspired by communist - era russia and the bar is made out of dry ice . i have only consumed various vodka drinks here so can not attest to the food , but they have an extensive caviar selection to pair with their vodka selection , which is vast . i usually get a straight , dry martini with some kind of high end russian vodka . this comes ice cold with a blue cheese stuffed olive at the bottom , soaking up all the booze . i have yet to do the vodka flight inside the subzero vodka freezer but that will be next on the agenda ."
1 "love this place ! has the freshest tasting juice that is cold pressed and knowledgeable people to help you with a cleanse or just a kick start to a healthier life ! i spent quite some time there the other day just talking with alexandra ! i came in just before closing and wanted to start a cleanse the next day . they were basically out of juices so instead of having me come back when they opened the next day , she told me to just come back later that night when they were done juicing and she would help me pick out juices to make a great cleanse ! needless to say , all of their juices taste amazing ! it 's kind of pricey , but definitely worth it !"
0 "i gave it one star because its only saving grace is that the kitchen is open late ... and it serves pepsi.\n\ni ordered ( so typical of me ) their supersomethinggooey chimichanga . you may as well have brought me a pile of flaming poo . it looked so unappetizing when it was plunked down in front of me . you know when you were a kid and you were forced to eat something you hated and you did all you could to prolong the agony ? well , there were no potted plants within range for me to dump my food in and the napkins were so flimsy i could n't spit my bites out gracefully . instead , i pushed away the food and claimed , \""i savored every bite and now i 'm full . i 'll take it home.\ "" my friend loves that place . why ? i ca n't understand it , either . i dumped the leftovers off in the trash at the taco bell i ended up at.\n\nservice was crap , food was crap , parking was crap . it 's located around the corner from my husband 's old office ... but hell , if the die hard alkies of my husband 's office would n't go there , that 's saying something . geez , it 's stumbling or in their case , tumbling , distance from work . even happy hour could n't persuade the guys to go . yes , it 's that bad . you know it 's bad when the alcoholics say no.\n\nthank god it 's all you can drink pepsi or i would n't know what to do with myself . * rolls eyes * i know what i 'd do - i 'd go to jack in the box across the street and bring it over because jitb is better than whatever dos gringos could ever try to feed me.\n\nps -- what 's up with those park benches for tables ?"
1 "i used to be a palazzo hotel guest regular until i discovered m resort hotel ... c'mon free comp room .. now how could anyone pass that up right ? =) the studio b buffet is a great staple but really wanted to try jayde fuzion . i watched a few episode of food network \""restaurant 's express and so that 's how i knew of the executive chef for this restaurant . of course it was a plus she was korean ... gotta support my peoples : ) \n\nwe arrived right when they opened ( 5 pm ) so there was no wait ! as i skimmed through the menu , i saw alot of authetic korean dishes in which was awesome . i was quite interested in seeing how they would execute the taste since i grew up with korean food . the portions were smaller than i 'm used to but the flavor of everything was superb ! this is what we ordered:\n\nkorean lobster - this dish reminded me of many chinese type dishes i 've had in the past with the usual ginger and soy sauce base flavor but i love how they added a twist by making it korean , as it 's name , by adding some korean pork , spices and veggies . there was n't that much lobster pieces but in other restaurant dishes .... they really is n't in the first place . i would definately eat this again ... but maybe next time i 'll order two for just myself .. oink oink!\npork wrap - this was a fancy upgrade to what i 'm used to , samgyupsal ( korean name for it ) . it tasted the similar but again with special additional ingredients . nice appetizer instead of just a salad . they give you four pieces . \nkalbi rib - this was sweeter than the normal kalbi i 'm used to . the beef quality was great but i was n't really digging the extra sweetness . you can definately taste the kalbi that you usually eat but with a thicker teriyaki like sauce . i would 've like them to have brought this out with white rice or something to neutralize the sweetness.\nkimchee fried rice - this was my absolute favorite of the dishes ! omg it 's just like mom makes it but this extra spice / seasoning that kicks you to want more in your mouth . crack would be a better word . more please?!?!?!?!?\n\nsince it seems like they have mostly korean dishes , i wish the name and decor was more \""korean\ "" themed though . they have the green for chinese and the cherry blossoms for japanese ...... oh well maybe later if they ever remodel . =)"
0 "i had the bobbie . all the best sandwich in america bragging just made this mediocre sandwich seem that much worse . dry turkey , rubbery bread . it was n't so bad i did n't finish it , but i wo n't be coming back . if you ca n't get to an actual deli , then any other chain sandwich shops beat this place ."
0 "ate there last night with a group of friends . the waitstaff was friendly , but that was pretty much the only good thing of the night . i hate french onion soup that was so salty , it tasted like a salt lick . plus , they put so many croutons in the soup , i was only actually afforded about two small spoonfuls of soup before the liquid was soaked up . i ordered the bluegill for my main dish . being an avid fisherman , i can appreciate some good wisconsin bluegill . this bluegill , however , was not good . it was cold and tasted very old . the fries that went along with it were also extremely salty . a couple people in the group said their food was okay , but definitely not worth a trip back . i was quite bummed about this ."
1 "found this place while driving outside the airport before i had to catch a flight . was tired of eating at the usual places in the airport , so ventured out and found a good meal . i got there ~5:30 on a friday , so the place was almost empty , decor was nice , somewhat upscale w/o being too stuffy , and the staff courteous and attentive.\n\ni perused the menu for anything that would catch my eye , nothing stood out , seemed more or less your typical italian menu . so i looked over the featured three - course meal - starter , entree and dessert for $ 30 , where you pick one in each category , figured why not . i ordered the lobster gnocchi , ribeye w/ red wine sauce and tiramisu . on top of that they had some nice touches of a higher - end restaurant , complimentary tomato brushetta and mango sorbet before the entree . the gnocchi was the best - the vodka sauce was light yet present , steak was undercooked in some parts and tiramisu was good though espresso was faint if there at all.\n\noverall , i thought this was a very good deal for the food , service and amenities . if i had to pay more , it be more like a 3-star , but if you can take advantage of the three - course special , it 's well worth it ."
1 "okay this is an update to a previous review . i so would 've given this place a 5 star , but some of the workers are super stuck up ! ! get an attitude check on your employees and this place would def be a 5 star ! \n\npros:\n all you can drink option\n beer pong , beer bong , and shots off an ice sculpture\n interactive atmosphere\n\ncons:\n attitude - induced female workers\n crowds are n't too friendly\n all you can drink option is n't too great.\n small dance floor\n electronic dartboard , but no one could tell me where to get darts!\n\nverdict:\n despite the attitudes i encountered . there was a plethora of games and things to do .... still a good place to go with a few friends and get drunk for a decent price . i think the bracelet is $ 35 for mens and $ 25 for women . do n't quote me on that though . i won a free all you can eat pass so i did n't pay anything . just tipped my way to a drunken - stupper . \n\ninfo/ tips:\n just so it 's not a surprise .. the aycd bracelet gives you the following- whisky , vodka , and gin as a mixer option . no this is not brand names , but i must say that whiskey could of passed for jack daniels ... then again how do i know ... i was drunk!\n\n get a game of beer pong going . just get enough beers to start the game . plenty of tables , free cups , and pingpong balls available\n\n there is a 4-hosed beer bong , but the thing was getting no action and the bartender could n't give me a price so i just passed and downed some jager off the ice sculpture that catapulted a large dose of licorice flavored courage down my throat.\n\n the dance floor is small but large enough to hold 20 plus people . \n\n very interactive ... listen to the djs cues for giveaways and prizes throughout the night . \n\n there 's a bar at the far north corner of the bar ... go here to avoid crowds.\n\n try your hand at the boxing game . 900 is a perfect score . hit it ! !"
1 i love dr. s ! i 've been going to him for years for my acne and he always cracks me up . it 's a very busy office . but everyone is always happy there .
1 "this is my new favorite place for mexican food . you can tell immediately that the ingredients are fresh and of the highest quality . the recipes definitely have a more personal and traditional taste , than the cookie cutter offerings that you get from the chain stores like chipotle and qdoba . there 's also a really casual and friendly vibe that make you feel welcomed . i 'm a big proponent of supporting local businesses and when you have a place like this , that obviously cares about their product and especially about their clients , it 's really easy to do . this is my friday night spot ."
0 "this place has thousands of reviews and yelpers seem to like it . but i just do n't get it . we checked reviews before going so we were expecting something good , at least better than quiznos , which it is not . i am guessing that people like it because it is a cheap option compared to other prices on the strip . but for my money , quznos is better . even subway . jersey mike 's leaves this place in the dust . \n\ni got the jerk chicken sandwich and not only was the sandwich small , and i mean really , really small , but there was hardly any chicken and although tender , it was not jerk . i also got chicken noodle soup and for $ 3.49 the tiny little container was a total ripoff . plus , the soup was bland bland bland . it was by far the worst chicken soup i have ever had . i left no less hungry than when i arrived . \n\nthe wife opted for oatmeal , and it was instant from a package . the only saving grace was the banana nut muffin , which appeared to be homemade.\n\nthe entire ordering process is chaotic and confusing . you can order some things at the order station but most of our order had to picked up along the line , which led to massive confusion when it came time to pay , so i ended up with three receipts . \n\noverall , i can not imagine how anyone can go above 3 stars for this place . i could give it 3 because of the muffin , but in reality my sandwich and soup were 2 star quality and the overall experience was not pleasant.\n\nwould not return for anything ."
0 "this was great back in the day , its lost some of it 's touch ... ok for a quick fix ..."
0 wow these rooms look like crap . the only difference from sahara is a cheap paint job and really really really tacky cheap decorations . when compared to the sls in la this is an epic fail . the brand has officially been destroyed with this location .
0 "i went here for the first time with my friend . she said she 's been here more than a couple of times and she said it 's good . so i said why not , lets try it . we came in , it was very very slow . we were the only customers . and this is during lunch time which is normally noon . right as we walk in we were greeted by a lady that could barely speak english let along understand english . \n\nwe got to choose our seat , the booth . we were given menus and 3 minutes later the same lady came back and took our orders . i wanted a small at first but when she came back with our waters that definitely tasted like tap water .... i changed my mind to get a large because i wanted to take some home for my boyfriend . she could nt understand me at all , i said it at least five times that i wanted a large and then she just walked away and got another lady that could unserstand ... so i told her what i wanted . so probably five minutes later we got our sprites which is pretty much filled with ice to the top .. and we got our orders as well my friend ( shrimp pho ) mine ( vegetable pho ) . \n\nour food got to our table pretty quick . like it was nt even ten minutes . as i was taking a sip of my soup and eating my vegetables i noticed at least 10 of my vegetables had dirt on them , they were literally turning black already like they were rotting in the fridge and the kitchen still wanted to serve these vegetables . i picked them out and put them on another plate . i could say out of all my vegetables i did nt eat one cabbage at all because there was black stuff on them .... like how unappealing ! no one wants to eat food with black stuff on them . the broth was good but what really grossed me out was the vegetables that were already turning black ! ! ! \n\ni do n't think i 'll come back here again . it 's way overpriced for bad pho , with vegetables literally rotting in my pho . i do n't want that and i do nt think people should even be eating that ! ! that 's not healthy at all . yes they do have an a rating , but that 's useless and basically fake if your vegetables and food in the kitchen are rotting and you still serve it to customers ! that 's just a health hazard ! who knows what else they serve that is rotting . this place needs to live up to better standards . maybe then i will come back and try their pho again ..... but not for awhile . i ca n't stand looking at my vegetables all dirty and rotting in my soup ."
1 our group had a mission to find a good place to eat at reasonable prices . saw this on yelp and figured it was worth a try . got here and was seated in their spacious back - room and had junior ( john paul ) as our server . dude was cool took our orders and came back a few minutes later apologizing because they did n't have enough corned beef . he made some replacement suggestions and took care of the switch up as best he could . we ordered the corned beef and cabbage and the guinness stew both very good and seasoned just right . others got the fish and chips and curry ( yes curry ) and it was good ! service was excellent and junior had a great sense of humor and made our dining experience very fun memorable . i 'd definitely recommend this place it 's really not what you would expect from a pub located in the mandalay shoppes but it has good live music and a great overall casual place to have a meal with friends . food is pretty good i would give it 4 stars on the food but the experience from junior made it a 5 overall in my book !
0 "my last visit i decided to stay in and eat . while i was eating my nachos , the girl starts sweeping the floors , started in the bathroom and is headed towards me . i see stuff start flying in the air , i 'm thinking \""she 's not gon na come sweep that towards me\ "" well she did . i see fuzz , dirt and whatever else fly in the air around my food . i glared at her , got up and threw my nachos in the trash . thanks for crop dusting my nachos with dirt you idiot ."
0 "my husband and i were excited to see ka because i had heard it was the only one of the cirque shows with a story line . we also got front row seats , which we were very excited about . we became very disappointed about both as the show went on.\n\nthere is so much things flying over the audience 's heads , blocked views and bad angles from being so close , the most expensive seats are easily the worst in the house . = ( \n\nthe story was ok . but hard to follow considering they spoke no english when they talked . when they did talk it was a jumble of japanese , italian , swahili , and gibberish , depending on the origin of the actor . pick one and stick to it please , i may not understand you , but i know what each sound like . i also did n't understand why the floors turned into walls and started rotating at some points . it just did n't make sense.\n\nboth my husband and i thought the tricks where bland and basic circus acts . my husband had a hard time following the story because their was no talking and because of his lack of interest after seeing people dressed up as giant insects and animals . this show is geared to much younger audiences . my husband mentally checked out after he saw someone in a puppeteered turtle costume do the moon walk.\n\nthis show is great for small children and if you sit further back . if you are taking a vacation without the kiddies , skip this show . the only way i would have found this entertaining would be if i was 5 years old ."
0 "the atmosphere is cool . great beer selection . meatballs were terrible . i was here a few times when it first opened and i thought they were okay , but now i think they 've gone down hill . i had the spicy pork meatballs and they were very , very hard . my fiance was laughing watching us trying to cut through them . i had them on top of the parmesan mac n cheese and i liked that well enough . \n\n we also had cheesy bread as an appetizer and we thought the sauce tasted burnt . the olives were great . i 'd totally go back to drink but i wo n't eat there again . there are way too many great restaurants in pittsburgh to suffer through a mediocre meal ."
0 "i hate the fact that i have to give this place such a low rating . many aspects of it kick ass . i came to vegas 9/25/13 for my honeymoon and spent my last night at the d. at check in i specifically asked for a nice room and would pay more . what they gave me was a room that was standard and next to the stage outside that blared music until late into the night . after complaints , we were moved to a better room that was quieter . needless to say , we love old vegas but will stay somewhere else next time"
0 i do nt mind fresh and hot ... but when you have to wait 15 minutes to order and another 15 minutes to receive the order plus bad attitude .... not a good mix\ntry two cashiers when you got 4 people or more in one line ... that would cut the first 15 minutes
0 stay away ... stay away ... stay away\ni ignored the bad reviews ...... \ni found the attitude over powering ..... \ni found the food terrible ...... \ni am warning you ...... stay away
0 "horrible experience nearly every time i had to go here during my pregnancy . i was left with no choice but to switch drs / ofcs in my last few weeks of being pregnant . if you come into contact with dr miller 's scheduling nurse , claudia , beware ! she is so rude and was the final straw in deciding to leave this office . she should not be allowed to interact with patients . even though you have a set dr you have to see a different dr every time you go in . most of the dr 's are condescending and come across offended that you ask questions . dr miller rarely made eye contact with me , which is unacceptable from a dr that will eventually be performing a surgery on me . it felt like a cattle call when you get in there . they want you in and out as quickly as possible . they are irritated when you ask questions . if you are looking for a caring dr this is not the place to go"
1 "stopped in for lunch with m. i got the mahi mahi quesa ( oaxaca cheese , mahi mahi fish , poblano pepper , mushrooms , onion , fresh garlic and mexican herbs ) and a large rasberry lemonade . i asked if i can have the quesa without pepper ( not a big fan ) , they said ok . but it still came with it . the quesa was huge ! it was really good . the total came to $ 10.27 , a little more $ $ than i thought it should be ."
1 "great brunch ! started with the donut appetizer - the vanilla , chocolate and raspberry dipping sauces are great - but the donuts are also delicious without any sauce . i ordered the crab benedict and my husband ordered the chicken and waffle . as soon as noon rolled around the bartender brought out my bloody mary . i was disappointed that the only garnish was a lemon wedge , i 'm a big fan of traditional ( and creative ) bloody mary toppings . nonetheless , i enjoyed the mix ( not sure if it 's homemade . ) my husband enjoyed his chicken and waffle , but had to remove a huge melting pond of butter from the middle of the waffle . my crab benedict was fantastic as well , well poached eggs atop an english muffin ( homemade ? ) with a generous pile of lump crabmeat . i especially liked the hollandaise sauce which was particularly lemony , which complemented the crabmeat well . the roasted potatoes that came with the meal were perfectly cooked , soft insides and crispy outside with great seasoning . the food was a little on the pricey side , so we wo n't be regulars , but it was a terrific meal . our server was a bit too nonchalant and actually left the wrong table 's check with us at first , but everything came out as we ordered it and the food was delicious , so we 'll overlook it ."
0 "i was in las vegas for a bachelorette party last weekend . we were excited for our first night out and a fancy dinner . our salads were delicious and that 's where the good stops . i decided to splurge and order the ribeye which is $ 50 a la carte and goes against my whole being because that is a ridiculous price . i thought \""hey why not it 's vegas?\ "" i ordered my steak rare .... it was overcooked and not seasoned well at all . i ordered a side of the fingerling potatoes with rosemary . i got little baby potatoes with a couple sprigs of rosemary on top . it was like one of those horrible dishes your grandmother throws together to make dinner seem fancy . it was very hard to hand over my portion of the bill when at home i can go down the street and order a 16 oz ribeye that comes with a baked potato and side salad for $ 9.95 ( and it 's the best damn steak i 've ever had ) ; i actually went there when i flew in to cheer up . \n\nout of 5 of us only one liked their dinner ; which happened to be the bachelorette so we were happy . another one of us ordered the beef tartar and it came with something like bagel chips instead of a sliced baguette . when she asked the server if they had a sliced baguette she looked at her like she was insane ; left for maybe a minute and then came back saying \""they just could n't do it\ "" . very rude ! \n\nwe ended up taking our leftovers hoping we would see a homeless person to give them to . \n\nwe also thought it was ironic that the owner of this restaurant is so judgemental on his show , yet this was a terrible dinner ."
0 "we went for a second time ( found out later it was 2 weeks after the chef departed).\n\nsurf and turf roll - tasteless.\nfried rock shrimp - ok\nsent the dessert back , as they may have made the donut part to order , but then filled it with almost frozen yuzu cr\u00e8me.\n\nit 's really a shame , as i like the concept and it 's close to where i live ... let 's hope the next chef whips it back in shape ."
0 "this is the worst golf course i 've ever played on . it was only $ 15 in the afternoon during the summer , and i still felt ripped off . the greens were atrocious , most of them on the front nine had large dirt spots all over them and you could hardly tell where the green ended and the fringe began . everything here is old , and not in a vintage / antique way but in a terribly maintained way . you 'd be better off not golfing at all than playing here ."
0 "the club was ok , it 's probably worth the $ 10 we paid to get in on a friday . the bartender we had was just like any other bartender , so nothing special . the band they had there was really worth the $ 10 to see and hear , the lead singer of mr & mrs smith really belted out the tunes.\n \ni would n't come back again , but it 's ok ."
0 "i was really hoping to love this place . a ) i love greek food , b ) , i am a big supporter of family run businesses and c ) we have 2 locations very close to our house.\n\nbut i was slightly disappointed . the prices seem high , the service seems unfocused and overall , the food was just ok . nothing fantastic unfortunately.\n\nand one thing that i thought was highly weird is that the drink station is out in the open , like a fast food place . i had waited for 5 - 8 minutes for our server to notice that my iced tea was nearing empty and ask if i needed a refill , but nothing . so , i proceeded to get up myself and walk the 10 feet to the drink station directly across from our table to refill my drink and i was blocked by 2 different servers , who directed me to go sit back down and they would call my server over . they were nice and friendly about it , but it was just weird to me ."
0 "first of all the place is just beautiful , views are amazing . i recommend having a drink on the balcony and going else where for dinner . first of all the service is slowwwwwwww . once the beautifully looking food arrived we starting eating . three of us ordered steak , one ordered med , came out med rare , two ordered med rare , both came out med to med well . halibut also came out over cooked . i would have loved to share this with the waitress , but after the food was dropped off she never came once to check on us . will definitely not be back ."
0 "horrific ; cold food that is overpriced and not seasoned at all . \n\nas for the service , it 's almost like the staff is paid not to care about your needs.\n\ni do n't believe this place will be in business for long ."
1 "i used acme based on a recommendation from a family friend . the owner , kevin , quoted me a great price on a frameless shower door and was ready to install it within the week . he came to my house and had it done in under 2 hours as well , consulted with me throughout the process to make sure everything was exactly how i wanted it , and took the time to explain why he was making the suggestions he was.\n\ncompared to home depot and other companies these guys were friendly , very reasonably priced and fast . it 's exactly what you would hope for from a long time family business ."
1 "i came here around lunch time and this place was packed . it is kind of \""cafeteria style\ "" where you place your order and then move down a line while you wait for them to cook up your burger . you move down a line and pick up your fries or other side items , then you get your burger and pay at the cashier . there is a condiments bar that features all the standard burger toppings . it can be a little chaotic trying to grab everything you want , and essentially make your burger . i felt really rushed since there was a ton of people there , and so it was kind of crazy getting everything . i would rather have the toppings already come on the burger instead of having to go through the hassle of doing it myself . the seating inside is somewhat limited , and very cramped . i liked this place overall though , and would definitely come back here . i thought that the burger was really excellent . the fries and fried zucchini were really good as well ."
1 "i first tried akaihana for a friend 's birthday . there must have been 20 of us , and the service was still pretty good . so was the sushi ! i tried the rainbow roll , and a philly roll and i knew i had to come back.\n\nso a couple weeks later , i brought the bf and we went for happy hour , and yes , it was . we tried a few rolls , miso soup , squid salad , and the green tea blended drink ! mmm mm ! also mochi . we will be going back soon . \n\ninside is not very fancy , but who cares ? it 's a great neighborhood sushi restaurant ."
0 ca n't do all you can eat by yourself . seems unfair to pay more for just a single item on the menu when i could n't get someone to join me and get the 15.99 price .
0 "hate to be a scrooge , but this place ai nt all that great . been on various occasions , though just twice to eat and will say no effing way the best fish and chips . deep sea , top of leith walk has the best , and i ve had about 17 better . the first time we went for a sunday brunch we asked for the steak and onion baguette thingy . we asked if they could add cheese on and they said no . we said we would pay and they said no . then proceeded to tell us that the only cheese they had would nt taste right melted . wtf . all cheese works on steak in my book.\n\nthe second time i went was with about 5 others and i will give them a bit of credit as we were came a bit late for breakfast . they were out of nearly everything ! ! ! ! no shit . everything that was asked for they were out of . they did have the bagel and salmon . it was a sad pititful little bagel that i wanted to throw a life jacket around and give mouth to mouth to after before offering a new life with a family whow would love and cherish it.\n\nhope dianna was nt our server cause whoever we had ( this was the second week of september , 2008 ) was horrible . we had to practically reenact the sesame street \""agua\ "" \""agua\ "" 80 's skit with the guy crawling through the desert just to get a glass of water . ages to get the bill and by that time we were the only ones there.\n\nsucko suck suck mcgee . you are surrounded by wayyyy better places to eat and drink . shit , i d even eat at the waterline 100 feet away before this place"
1 "great food , view was ok , service was excellent . total bill for 2 was $ 175 with appetizers , salads , and main course , and drinks . not bad"
0 "it 's like buffalo wild wings minus the wings . well , yeah , and more beer . barely.\n \n at 4 pm on a thursday three friends and i found an empty table ( shocking in a place that likely seats fewer people than the grind ) . \n after roughly ten minutes at the table one of my friends finally got up and asked a waitress for menus . as there were probably 25 people working , it was n't hard to find somebody to ask . strange since not one of them had been over to us yet.\n she was n't given a bottle list , which apparently is a claim to fame for them , but we got to look over their taps and a list of local eateries that are willing to deliver . hmm , no thanks on that idea.\n the taps were a disappointment . a large variety of over priced local offerings , some mediocre imports ( colorado and oregon make great beer but having dead guy on your tap is n't risque ) . not even a single sour . \n at this point we were getting pretty thirsty . a timer was set for 15 minutes . if a server did n't ask us for an order we were outta here.\n the server did finally show up . she talked to the other party taking up the rest of the room . i leaned into my group and told them that watch , this girl was n't going to even * allow * us to make eye contact . she was going to get their bill straight , ignore us , and split . \n exactly what happened . she literally kept her back to us the * entire * time she was in the room . \n \n on the way out i asked a server if the room we were sitting in offered wait service , or if the customers were expected to walk to the bar to order a beer . again , without eye contact , she said yeah the room has service , and then turned her back to me and stared at her notepad . \n\n this is n't their first location . a company with as many outlets as these guys have should open with servers who know how to carry one - single - product from point a to point b. \n rude servers . maybe not all of them , but i would n't know . after the three i dealt with here i wo n't ever deal with a fourth.\n lackluster tap list . if you want good taps go to taste of tops or brat house , or a smaller spot like tmi . \n no food . having deliveries does n't count . \n big business chain . while the owners want you to think its an edgy , tattoo'd and hip local spot for cool kids , it 's not ."
0 "so after getting a flier on my door for this place .... loaded with large print coupons for enormous amounts of food for next to nothing prices , i had to try it.\n\ni ordered a 18inch 2 topping pizza and 20 wings for $ 13 . sounds great right ? came out to $ 15 with tax . i thought to myself , swell deal , better than any pizza place i 've ordered from.\n\nwhen the guy came to the door he said it was $ 24 . i figured he got my order wrong . nope , i was wrong ... there was a $ 8 delivery fee ! ! ! ! ! what ! i called the place back and told them no one told me this and the flier left on my door step made no mention of this . the manager told me he meant to call me back to tell me and i should just pay for it . i told him he was crazy . i gave the delivery guy a $ 5 tip and told him i 'll never be calling back.\n\nthe pizza was horrible . tasteless ! the wings were disgusting . \n\ni'll never order again . i think my point is clear . do not order food from here ! ! ! ! stay far far away ! ! ! !"
1 "i 'd been in charlotte for over a week , and had n't had the chance to try any non - chain restaurants until sunday night . fonda las cazuelas is delicious ! i had a seafood dish called the 2 devils ( i think ) , and it was so fantastic . i 'm still thinking about the sauce the large shrimp and white fish were cooked in , a little spicy , very savory and so yummy . the guac was super good , too ... really fresh and handmade . a couple fo dos equis , a couple shots of tequila , and great service ... i'm hooked , fonda las cazuelas !"
0 "this was a poor excuse for a steakhouse . while the sandwiches and other fair is ok , their steaks are not . they try to entice you by displaying the steaks in their dry age case . do n't get sucked into thinking they taste good . my friend and i recently went there for a bachelor party and we had about 6 different steaks . none were good . they may have been cooked to order , but it took them 30 minutes to serve the steaks after ordering them . i had the 1/2 pound hamburger . it was awful . i 've had better burgers at carl 's jr. \n\nbottom line - don't come here for the beef"
1 "avec une atmosph\u00e8re un peu british ( et des serveurs qui parlent mal le fran\u00e7ais ) , vous aimerez bruncher souper \u00e0 ce restaurant . il y a m\u00eame une terrasse \u00e0 l'arri\u00e8re lorsque vous voudrez prendre un peu l'air . \n\nj'ai essay\u00e9 le mexican breakfast , m\u00eame si c'est british et je n'ai pas \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7u !"
0 "well , it 's worse than i thought . one of the teas ended up being over $ 100 a pound ! and even though i immediately returned everything , the money has not shown back up on our credit card account . the charge is there ; the return is not . what a lousy way to do business ."
1 "after 2 classes at pure barre , i 'm hooked . i waited until after the second class to write this because i was n't sure how much of a workout i got ... until i sneezed and my abs felt like they were going to explode ... in a good way!\n\ni had a livingsocial deal for 2 weeks of unlimited classes , and it turns out your first class is free , which is a great way for anyone to try it out . a few tips before you go:\n - everyone wears socks with treads on the bottom . they sell them at the studio , but you can pick up a similar yoga pair somewhere else.\n - when you go for the first time , the instructor will tell you what equipment you need ( weights , a ball , and a band ) , so that 's helpful.\n - everyone there looks like they stepped out of the lululemon catalog . do n't be intimidated ; you can do this workout too!\n\nthe class starts off fast and does n't stop . if you think you 're getting a break to stretch , you 're not . the instructor does give you some adjustments , but a lot of the movements are so small that it 's tough to know what 's right . my method is to just go by feel ; if it 's tough , it 's probably working . i was a little surprised that we do n't do more barre work ; a lot is on mats or the floor . no problem really , because the barre stuff is the toughest.\n\ni really wish it was less expensive , or even if they would include cheaper \""community classes\ "" taught by instructors in training like some yoga studios do . they advertise that you will see results in 10 classes or less .... so i 'm going every day until my deal expires because i feel it working already !"
0 "i took my wife here for lunch today . we both tried the clam chowder , which although pretty tasty , was thin and the carrots and potato were under cooked . i tried the alaskan whitefish and the salt and pepper catfish fillet . both were tasty , but there was enough oil to puddle on the bottom of my plate . i tried the onion rings and found them to be large and without much flavor . the problem with the coleslaw is that they chop the cabbage too finely and it turns out more like a mush than a salad . the worst part was , even though the parking lot was almost empty , it took longer waiting in line to pay the bill than it did to eat the meal would i go back ? yeah ... the next time i have an overwhelming desire to listen to my arteries harden while i ate !"
0 "overpriced , salty and overrated ! ! ! why this place is so popular i will never understand ."
0 "beware , i was shocked to find out they charge a delivery fee for each item . i ordered 3 sandwiches and was charged $ 4.09 delivery . that 's $ 1.36 ea . ridiculous , almost the cost of a sandwich ."
0 "on may 2 , 2013 a group of friends and i came here to grab a burger before a movie.\n\nfour of us became incredibly ill only hours after eating here and we were all sick for 3 - 4 days afterward . two of the other members who came with us did not get ill.\n\napologies , i would have written something more timely , but just getting around to it now . i 've eaten at other red robin 's before and never had an issue . it appears it 's just this location ."
1 "if you find yourself near the corner of sahara and valley view be sure to give this gem a try . old school handcrafted cocktails with proper spirits and natural ingredients will lighten your mood and the food will nourish your soul . during happy hour all steaks are half price ( which makes them reasonable ) . the 24 oz porter house will melt in your mouth ( $ 30 during happy hour ) . i also highly recommend adding the bacon and blue cheese crust for another $ 6.50 . how do you make meat better ? duh , add more meat ! this is n't just bacon , it 's 2 quarter inch thick slabs of amazing covered in melted blue cheese ! for dessert how about a skillet of fresh baked chocolate chip cookies covered in ice cream ? yeah , i thought so . 4 cocktails , 2 entrees , a side and dessert came to $ 90 . that 's a bargain for how good everything was . highly recommend this place !"
1 this was a great experience ! service by tj ( also known as jt ) was fabulous ! ! salad was great and prices were very reasonable.\n\nwill definitely come here again when back at the airport !
1 "\""we fear change\ "" \n\nhttp://i.chzbgr.com / completestore/2009/10/29/129013569047075449.jpg\n\nin one of the few instances of my life , i ask you not to live vicariously through garth algar as it applies to the remodeled paul 's club . i just stopped in for the first time , and let me tell you ... in with the old , in with the new . \n\ni loved the vibe 's paul 's club used to give ; comfy / intimate / unique . the new setup offers the same ambiance , there 's just more room . the effort that went into getting the tree in there ca n't be understated ... ( it 's pretty darn cool ) . the bar still offers an amazing array of options ( they have ouzo , which is pretty rare for a state st. joint not titled nick 's ) , and employ bartenders who ( still ) really know what they 're doing . the guy who served me even knew how to make a sazerac offhand ... which is pretty cool . \n\nall in - all , i came in skeptical and walked out a self - reassured fan . it was like hearing a new album from a favorite band that did n't disappoint , while simultaneously eliciting the same nostalgia you felt the first time you listened . \n\nparty on , paul 's club"
0 "rude service . they blame all their mistakes on the \""teamsters\ "" . horrible union based company that can not take any responsibilities for their own actions . if i had a choice i would never use them again but what s the use in complaining when they already have contracts with all the convention halls ."
1 "= = = = = daily lunch & dinner buffet ! = = = = = \n\ntried this lovely yc 's location for the first time today and it was just as expected after having recently dined at three of their four other locations . this privately held little valley chain just has everything right . the restaurant floor plans vary but they 're all comfortable , modern dining rooms hosted by cheerful , friendly staffers serving up some serious buffet ! : -))\n\nfor this visit i started filling the provided bowl with some rolls of sliced beef , white chicken and pork , followed by a sprinkles of cajon spice blend and also of \""bangkok.\ "" then i piled in & squished down some of most of the many veggies along the serving line , and lastly added plenty of wheat noodles.\n\nover at the mongolian grill area there are 16 recipes on the overhead sauce menu sign , but each day they also offer a couple of specials on little marker boards above the recipe ingredient tubs . i deceded to go with the special \""spicy panang curry\ "" sauce , for which the recipe had me grab a bowl there and pour in 4 ladles of panang curry base , 1 ladle of garlic water , 1 of white wine and a squirt of sesame oil from a bottle.\n\nat the grill counter i added some whole peanuts the chef quickly fried everything up , i sprinkled some fresh , whole cilantro leaves and sesame seeds on top and it all came out tasting terrific ! i 'm posting a photo , but it does n't do justice to the amount of food sitting there in this feast . it was lots , just leaving me just enough room for a cup of help - yourself spicy beef soup , my favorite of theirs , to which i added some brown rice.\n\nas a big eater i go for the large bowl ( $ 9.93 * ) . you may opt for unlimited go - backs for a little more money , but there 's no need to do that here if you pack your bowl down well as you 're loading it up , with the kitchen paper provided . non - gluttons will do fine with a small bowl , well packed . yum ! ! : -))\n\n * help - yourself beverages are included and posted prices include sales tax ."
0 old ass donuts ! this place is horrible . kid at the counter tried to charge $ 16 for a dozen . there are no prices posted . old crusty ass donuts smh . never again . .. never again .
0 tried to get a table . on a wednesday had a ridiculous wait because they would n't seat a table of two at a table for four . ( 75 minutes with tables for 3 - 4 sitting open ! ! ! ! ) it 's summer in phoenix ! what are they waiting for to put butts in their seats . no matter . i left and went to stingray who got me in with no incident at 7 pm .
1 "huge fan . great ( creative ) food , great atmosphere , great scenery . throw some bags , or deliver punishment on the foosball table if you like . also , i love a good microbrew / high gravity beer and the yard has plenty of those to offer , but i also like a good cheap beer . the mystery beer option is fun -- $ 2 gets you a random 12 oz can of beer in a brown paper bag . you do n't know what you 're getting until it gets to your table . \n\nthe server typically hangs around to see what you got , although that may be just for show . who cares when you can be 5 beers in and walk out of a trendy place like this with a $ 10 bar tab ? further , the \""double blind\ "" gets you a mystery beer plus a mystery airplane bottle of booze for $ 6 . hammer down ! \n\ncheers !"
0 "beautiful pools are the only thing going for this place . the reception staff is slow and not especially friendly . the rooms are drab . in a resort , i expect atmosphere and a sense of place . there was none . the fruit basket i preordered for delivery at check in was never delivered . the availability of service at the restaurant and bar were spotty at best and again not very friendly . weddings are the priority here and twice during my stay , the staff put me aside so brides could walk in front of me at the reception desk to be served first . \n\non the last night of my stay i came home after a full day out to find my room door ajar . the room was serviced in my absence and one of the staff had not taken the care to properly close my door . my room faced a parking lot and busy scottsdale ave . i reported this and got assurances that no one had ever had anything stolen from their room before . fortunately i did not have anything stolen . \n\ni had prepaid for late check out on arrival . on my final day , i returned to my room to find my room keys had been deactivated at the normal check out time . i went to the desk to get them reactivated . even though the front desk verbally confirmed my late check out when i first arrived and registered , that had now mysteriously disappeared . the room key cards were fixed and i returned to my room to find an un - uniformed staff member milling around my room . she did n't even greet me . instead she glared at me and barked \""when are you leaving?\ "" . i told her i had late check out and she stormed out of my room without another word . \n\nterrible staff , terrible location and terrible rooms . this place is a glorified motel . i hope i never set eyes on this place again . it is not worthy of the hilton or doubletree name ."
1 "4 out of 5 - food is solid , great location and our server marwa made the experience . mouskaa , fattoush and baba ganoush were fantastic but the mixed grilled meats were the star of show , tender and perfectly grilled . overall a great place to dine ."
1 "they are awesome ! tammie the owner and her awesome assistant walked me through buying , having and maintaining chickens . i bought my chicken coop , a couple chicks , organic feed , water food and feed containers . that was a few months ago and things are great ! i am so thankful for this feed store ! never been to better !"
1 "this just in : houstons is on steroids ! yup , it 's true . \n\nif you 're familiar with houston 's you 're familiar with hillstone . but , hillstone is better in my opinion . why ? \n\n - wonderful outside \""first come first served\ "" patio seating with fireplaces \n - indoor / outdoor space for the bar area \n - a sushi bar ( and shockingly really good sushi . we had the mango salmon roll - delicious ) . \n - no need to worry about valet ... lots of parking . \n - great service.\n\nwhat has n't changed is the menu and the crowd . still your 40 + real estate suits - or should i say jeans + a blazer - and all the cougary women that come along with these men ... not knocking it , simply the truth.\n\noverall , a great place for a good american meal , people watching or to take your parents . this is n't a place you 'll be racing to take your friends who just came into town ... it 's a chain restaurant . there are way too many locally owned gems in the valley to spend too much time here ."
0 "everyone runs into a poor experience now and then , and i guess we just did n't click as store and customer . ok , enough of the pen jokes.\n\nnot appearing too concerned that the defective visconti traveling ink pot had leaked all over me and i did indeed walk around with blue fingers for days , the thing that irked me into a two star review is that the owner waited a week to contact visconti to get a replacement that apparently never came . \n\nwhen you charge someone msrp for one of these items , you tend to expect service if the unit is defective . i must be on another planet to expect this , so i wound up contacting the visconti distributor directly and have wound up spending an extra $ 20 for shipping outbound and return to planet phoenix.\n\nhey , my kon - peki blue fingers do n't look too bad , anyway ; it might even be good to scare the tsa folks as i check in tomorrow ;)"
1 it is a classy place . bar tender was attentive and concerned about mixing to my taste . although a relatively slow night there was a flow of people in and out . good for people watching and striking up a casual conversation . i highly recommend it . check out all 3 floors .
0 "i 've had bad luck with the deli at this basha 's . two time this year i 've ordered a pizza and when i come to pick it up there is no pizza ! 1st time my order slip was found on the floor and then thrown in to the trash . today 's order , well the deli personnel act like i never called it in . i ordered a sausage with extra cheese and spelled out my name , because its unusual . they apologized and offered to make me another one , it 'd take 15min . well i 've already waited 30min ! i left to go to sprouts to buy a frozen pizza . basha 's pizza is ok . i get it because i believe in shopping local . i live in verrado and i want to support local businesses . it 's a win win situation . i called and spoke to the manager , tiffany . she apologized and offered me a free pizza next time . i told her she needs to look at the deli personnel and re - evaluate their procedures for taking orders . she even told me when i call to ask for the manager and place my order with them . a manager has time to take pizza orders ? ? ? it 's one thing to own up to a mistake but totally something else to tell the customer they never order in the first place . now we call the customer a liar ! i believe i 'm done with basha 's ."
0 the worse ice cream ever . even my 7 yo said so . we tried the mango & mint chip . both had grainy texture . the chocolate macadamia had extremely stale nuts . the depressing ambience fit this experience .
1 excellent pupusas . great prices and friendly service . you can even see into the kitchen to see them making the pupusas .
1 "part of my power walk routine .... although this last week it was jog - power walk ... at times i 'll stop at fresh and easy , other times , albertson 's and if it 's one of those days i did n't wake up until 10 or so ( sorry boodah for late breakfast ! ) then i might end the exercise at the doorsteps of black bear diner .... it 's all about the breakfast ( they are open for lunch and heck ... maybe dinner ... not even sure ! ) my sis loves their country fried steak ... just give me the ham steak , eggs and those biscuits and i 'm a happy camper ! ! ! i 'm not sure ... but the place might actually be a chain .... it does n't feel that way .. it feels like a local hangout .... if you need a good hearty breakfast and your on the westside - black bear diner is worth a looksy"
1 a good eatery in the middle of art galaries
1 l'ancien forum est devenu un cin\u00e9ma comptant plusieurs salles . il est agr\u00e9able d'y aller pour se rem\u00e9morer les grandes ann\u00e9es de hockey qui y ont eu lieu .
1 as a local i stop here every time i go to caesars . black truffle and artichoke soup . guy is awesome !
1 "these guys are a great little hideout of fresh ingredients in a mario batali warehouse . it 's like foodie fight club , only you should totally tell everyone about it ! for great condition organic veggies and fruit -- at a good price -- this is the place to go . there 's also a bread vendor who sells amazingly delicious rye for $ 4 a loaf -- if you miss out on this , you 'll be bereft of some good sandwiches ! \n\nif you 're looking for where all the top chefs get quality niche ingredients , this is the spot . make sure you get there thursdays !"
1 "absolutely wonderful ! went here with a friend , shared fried pickles , she got the plain jane burger and i got the three little pigs sandwich , and everything was delicious ! my sandwich had what i believe was bacon , ham , and some kind of fried pork on it with swiss and an egg over easy on huge grilled bread , and it was incredible ! the fried egg really made the sandwich . the fired pickles came with some kind of spicy ranch sauce , and they were great- seasoned well , thick , and a great portion to share for two for only $ 5 . totally recommend !"
1 "update ... went a few saturdays ago and the place was packed . in fact we got the last non reserved table . i had the stacked enchiladas which were very good but lacked the spice that the menu warned about . my wife 's burrito was also quite good , and my son loved the make your own nachos . the highlight of the evening were the hot buttered tortillas . you could make a meal of those alone . \n\nthe bad news- the service . first we had to stand around while the hostesses first gabbed with some local wannabe rockstar hero , then when they got around to us they needed to look around and try to find a table . when we said we did n't have reservations it was as if we somehow offended them . we waited over 25 minutes for our food to arrive and when t did get to us it was n't piping hot as if it just came out of the oven . \n\nits not the traditional mexican faire , and i am glad that it is n't . i can only tolerate so many garcia 's , lafonda 's , etc . \ni was glad to see that they are pushing several happy hour specials and have started weekend brunch and the occasional patio pig roast . \n\nit appears that some of the initial excitement has died down but they are still bringing the people in , which is good - the area needs it ."
1 "while i am all for having healthy and affordable lunch options downtown i am not a pita person and thusly my attitude towards the pita pit is i could really take it our leave it . why would a person who does n't like pitas go to a pita pit , that remains a good question ? ? ? \n\nthe ingredients are very fresh . in my mind they are burrowing the subway assembly line idea but instead of bread they use pitas . i enjoy fresh veggies and fast service but would enjoy them more so at another restaurant where the pita does n't come with . \n\ni am giving four stars because they 're doing what they 're advertising which is putting things in a pita and doing it with efficiency too ."
1 "got the new bacon and cheese stuffed crust , yumm it 's pretty delicious ! if you order online you can get an order of breadsticks or 2 liter of soda for free . ordered delivery and got the pizza within 30 minutes , so it was really quick !"
1 excellent or european car care and repair . forget the wheeler dealer . sign up on their website for coupons . no spam . courtesy car to and from while vehicle is being worked on . staff is genuine and courteous . shop is immaculate . safety first no up selling . varooom .
0 "the waitresses are salty.\nthe food is mediocre ( at best).\nthe place is a total dump.\n\nhowever , it 's open late , and the cook with the mustache is rad . also , you meet the funniest people ever there ."
1 "8 college buddies who graduated in 1982 are getting together in vegas and time is of the essence so we do n't want to be wasting time making our way to a liquor store and shopping for the weekend 's beverages . what to do ? call mo at xo liquors . place your order , mo will tell you the prices , close the deal , get your order and receipt via email , and mo delivers your entire order to the front door of the hotel right when you tell him to be there - and the party is on ! great prices and superb service . shopping in an actual store when you can do it online before you ever arrive and have it delivered is for amateurs ."
1 "needed a new blank transponder key ( bought at ikeyless.com ) to be cut and matched to the mrs . car . getting through to the service department was a challenge , but when i did get through and talked to mike santana i was able to set up a early morning appt.\n\nmike 's professionalism and willingness to make sure i had a good experience here were top notch\n\ntook care of the key and also had the techs perform a courtesy check that i asked for . did not hard sell the scheduled maintenance that was needed.\n\nthanks mike !"
0 the complex is beautiful - especially around the holidays ! lots of fun activities for kids & families . the pool with the slide is only open from 10 - 4 - very disappointing considering the $ 30/night fee to use it ! the rooms are good sized but are very outdated ! ! ! prepare to walk a mile to get to your car if you 're not willing to pay for valet .......
0 "first restaurant i have ever walked out of . we were greeted and seated in a timely manner , but that 's were the service stopped . we waited patiently for about 15 mins , just starring at the menu ... the place was half empty with more than enough staff to at least take our drink order . will not be coming back . walked across to bj 's , and had a a great meal !"
1 "this place great for food and drinks ! it is a lively - fun restaurant downtown madison on the capital square . there is usually a wait for tables , but if you do n't mind grabbing a drink by the bar then i would definitely recommend it !"
1 "came here the other evening with the fam , it was pretty tasty . the lady behind the counter was super sweet too . we thoroughly enjoyed our frozen treats & left satisfied . many good flavors & toppings to choose from . i ca n't wait to try yogurtini next ! :d"
1 "schnitzel wiener art : classic breaded pork cutlet , served with cranberries and homemade bavarian style potato salad.\n\njumbo complete : giant pretzel served with ' obatzer ' cheese , sweet mustard and onion mustard\n\noktoberfest braten teller : bavarian pork and beef specialty with pork roast ' hunter style ' and spatzle , marinated pot roast ( sauerbraten ) with vegetables and red cabbage ."
1 "warning ... do n't come near this place if you 're on a diet or if you do n't like very rich dishes . definitely do n't step foot in this place unless you love foie gras . and make sure to make reservations in advance ... i made reservations three weeks before my trip to montreal and had to settle for a later seating because this place is just that popular . \n\ni love that it 's not pretentious and quite casual . the food gosh i do n't know where to start ... the only description for it is it 's like having an orgasm in your mouth . the foie gras poutine , duck in a can and foie gras potato pancake with maple syrup were so unbelievably good that my boyfriend and i practically licked our plates clean . we were stuffed beyond belief but we ordered dessert anyways and lets just say we were speechless . the pot of chocolate was so good we once again wanted to lick the jar clean . \n\nwe tried to make reservations for another night while we were there since the food was so divine ... unfortunately they were booked solid for the week ."
1 "this place is really great except for one thing that some people like . the noise ! we almost left , it was so noisy we could n't have a conversation and neither of us could hear the drink special from our waitress . the noise level did get better towards the middle of our stay i guess if you are there during the happy hour you might hit them when they are busy and noisy.\n\nhowever\n\nthe food was good , i started with a little romaine salad it was only $ 3 . it was good except for the apple slices that tasted like onions ( that might mean something was n't cleaned ) . my roasted salmon was delicious and came over a cold quinoa salad . i was surprised to find out they use high quality scottish salmon that only better restaurants use . \n\nmy companion had the cheese flat bread and the pork chile verde and was pleased.\n\nwe spent much less here on dinner than we would have spent at many other places having a similar meal.\n\ni do plan to return but will wait for a patio seat where dining is much more pleasant ."
1 "i 'll have to admit , i thought this mall would rapidly decline over the past 3 years since i wrote my last review . with the economic downturn and the overall decline of las vegas , i thought for sure it would suffer . however , i was wrong . it 's time for a review update ... \n\nall of the pros / cons from my prior review still hold true . the only thing i can add is to the cons .... this mall has a ton of those annoying kiosks that sell perfume , jewelry cleaning , and other stuff .... what makes it annoying are the sales people who make cat calls at you as you walk by .... it feels like i 'm at a middle eastern \""souk\ "" . i just act like i ca n't speak english and walk right by them.\n\nbesides that one annoying item , it 's still a solid place to do some shopping . there are some great stores here and i 'm surprised they did n't leave during the economic downturn.\n\nreturn factor - 95 %"
1 "for what they advertise , they knock it out of the park with their torta 's . i am sure there are places in mexico that can rival them , but in the us i have yet to find a place that can rival the variety and fair prices of these tortas . i ordered one of their new asada tortas served with salad and grilled peppers and freshly made salsa all was delicious . the bread they use for the torta is really fresh and taste great . love the avocados they use as well . my wife ordered the first torta on the menu torta dela reyes filled with egg , chorizo , avocado , sausages , and pork slices . very filling torta for a great price , had left overs for a filling breakfast the next morning ."
0 "i bought a coupon on living social and i had the hardest time just obtaining an order conformation . after a month ( literally 30 days ) of calling , sending over 5 emails , and placing orders on the company 's website , no response from the bakery . how hard is it just to send an email responding to a cupcake order ? i ended up going to another bakery for my niece 's birthday cupcakes . good luck to anyone who purchased a coupon ."
1 "we went on a saturday night in early may. it was n't too crowed , but there was a good crowd there . a few of the rides were closed . i found out that i 'm a screamer on the big coasters , and since i had to take my glasses off i just kept my eyes closed . i also learned that i am not cool enough to drive a bumper boat . \n\nwe did n't play golf or really take advantage of the arcade . \n\nwe got in on a group deal so the price was n't too bad , and i felt that the snack bar was reasonably priced as well . we decided that we would come back again ."
0 "i did n't like this place so much , maybe because i 'm vietnamese ? but their food is nothing special really . very common for a vietnamese restaurant but their specialty is their rice plates so i would hope it was delicious.\n\ni love my food to come out hot if it is suppose to be hot or at least warm maybe but when i order their special rice plate , the meats came out cold and the rice was a little warm . did n't even bother asking them to reheat it because the staff there seems no where to be found . i do like that the plates do come with a bowl of hot soup which do come out hot [ : \n\ni do n't know . if you do n't have a vietnamese mom who knows how to cook rice plates then i would recommend going here but i do have a mother who can do better so i definitely will not be returning ."
0 "we 'll give a place a few chances especially since this one looks fun but after 3 strikes , they 're out.\nthe food is barely bar food quality . disappointed everytime.\ni guess it depends on the bartender and i hate it when they count drinks while you 're playing . i did n't have a chance to even put in another $ 20 for my 2nd draft beer . i was playing $ 1 hands but not max bet . she offered me the beer and then said she would put it on my tab . we walked out . \nwe play alot , order food , and tip well if it 's a place where we are welcomed . if an establishment wants to lose a customer over a draft beer , they wo n't be in business long.\nwe should have known something was wrong when we were the only ones there on a friday afternoon ."
1 i 've seen 4 cirque shows and this one if my favorite so far.\n\nprices are steeply discounted if you buy on the day of and if you buy the late showing.\n\ndon't worry about purchasing the cheap seats because every seat has a clear view of the stage.\n\ni highly recommend !
1 this place is amazing ! ! the service is fantastic and the prices are very reasonable for all that you get ! ! i recently moved to las vegas and i had never had thai food before but i am so glad i checked this place out ! ! the tofu soup and the all the garlic dishes are really good ! ! my daughter had the garlic chicken and i have tried both the garlic beef and pork . i have also tried one of the noodle dishes which was out of this world ! i was so pleased w / this place i recently brought my son and daughter in law when they came to visit and they enjoyed as well and thanked us for treating them to such a great meal ! ! we especially love the fact the food can be made as spicy or not as you like ! ! i only wish i could rate this place 10 stars because it really was that great experience and we will continue to frequent this restaurant ! ! :)
1 i 'm not real easy to impress but i do like this place a nice relaxed crowd a good selection of dance music and beautiful women every ware ! a must stop place for sure just be for warned drinks are not cheap ! ! ! but you are in vegas ! surrounded by beautiful women ! be aware they do have a dress code
0 so my friends ivan and martin kept hyping up this place called rum runner aka badger cafe . it was okay til i receive my burger all soggy with black wet stuff on the side of my buns . i was disturbed ... it was by far unappealing . i ate like 1/3 of the burger ... never again
0 "in my 60 years on this earth , clear wireless phone , internet and usb modem service is the worst company i 've ever done business with ! the left hand does not communicate with the right hand and they have too many problems to mention . at least they are letting me out of my contract and some of their own employees are aware of their disfunctional issues . they do n't deserve any stars at all , yet at least one was required ."
0 "asian buffets scare me ... i usually do n't know what half the stuff is , and if i do know what it is , it 's a microwaved crazy sauced version of what i 'm used to . granted , i came here with a hungry hoard of ucsd dragon boaters , so we were all starved from a long day of paddling . yes , i ate , but i was terrified that everyone would be sitting on a toilet for the rest of the night and that we would be totally unable to paddle our races the next day.\n\nmicrowavable edamame was my friend since i saw the costco sized bags sitting on the side ( i figured i 'd be safe with these ) , and i attempted to try everything else like the random seafoods , mushy sushi , and fatty meats . their desserts were weird generic cakes that seemed to be salvaged from the sale section of the local grocery bakery , so i stuck with the frozen yogurt.\n\nlots of better options out there , but i guess since there were about 50 of us , we were limited ."
0 not happy with the pizza i got here nor the service . i felt it was a problem to serve me .
0 "after some people had mentioned that they liked this place , my wife and i decided to go and test , yet again , another peruvian restaurant . we ordered 3 different meals , lomo a caballo , arroz con mariscos , and pollo a la brasa . the lomo a caballo would have been pretty good , but the sauce they had was sweet , which i did n't like at all . the arroz con mariscos was bland , hardly any flavor . the pollo a la brasa was far from the real deal , being dry and unflavorful . we did get a free soup with our meal , which was the best thing we tasted there . the sodas tasted like there was dish soap in them , and were not refilled until i finally had to ask . we also had to ask for the sauces for the pollo a la brasa . the aji that was served with the bread was pretty decent , but not enough to save the rest of the meal . overall , it was too pricey for the service and the quality of the food . sadly , we have n't been able to find a peruvian restaurant that we like in az , and this one was probably the worst one we 've tried.\n\nwow ! it 's a good thing you can edit these reviews . a lot has happened since i made this review , which the last time i checked is an opinion of what i think . the owner of this restaurant , upon reading my review , posted it on \""peruanos en arizona,\ "" a group on facebook . he mentioned my full name in the review , opening it up to his \""friends\ "" to personally attack me . he also said that that i went in to his restaurant complaining of the decoration of his restaurant . ( which i did n't ) . my wife made some comments , defending our opinion , and then he scanned our yelp coupon ( which has my full name on it , ) and order sheet that was made when we paid , and posted it on the same page as a picture , claiming that he was right about me making comments about the decoration . ( which is not shown in the picture . ) he claims to be a professional , but is far from it . i had nothing against him personally , until now , but in one of his comments he says that there is no possible way that so many things can be wrong with his food unless i have something personal against him . i do n't think i need drive to a place and pay for a meal to make a review on someone who i personally do n't like . he also posted the same review on his personal facebook page , to which his \""friends\ "" responded things like , \""poor gringo , he only knows what frozen hamburgers and hot dogs taste like\ "" and \""he does n't have the smallest idea of what real peruvian food is , he probably has n't even been there,\ "" \""with a last name like that , what does he know,\ "" \""he 's one of ' those ' customers\ "" , \""i hope the seafood got him sick,\ "" words like jealous , ignorant ... things like that . now if i did n't know any better , i would think that a gringo 's opinion does n't matter when it comes to real peruvian food , too . however , i have been to peru , i do know what good peruvian food is supposed to taste like , and my wife , who is actually from peru was equally disappointed with the food , and service . her mother cooks 50 times better than this guy , and we both know that what we ate does n't compare to what real peruvian food is supposed to be . so , instead of taking this as constructive criticism , the owner has taken it as a personal attack against him , and has to look for validation from other people who surround him . we probably would have been back there again , because my wife 's family would have wanted to try the \""new peruvian restaurant\ "" which has happened before with others , but now no one that we can tell to about our experience will ever go there . there are also many many many other sites to review a restaurant , not just yelp . i 'll make sure to put this same review on other sites , too . that will also give me time to think up other things that i did n't like that i did n't mention on my original review . like how this \""professional\ "" was negotiating delivery prices with a meat driver right in front of the guests . when i made this review , yelp posted it on my facebook page , but i took it down because it was negative , but i will be sure to post it now . i do n't know if what this guy did was legal , but i 'll find out soon enough . i just hope he does n't put my debit card number up on facebook . so , if you 're going to give this place a negative review , watch out ! you 'll be personally attacked for your opinion , and be lied about and be told you do n't know what you 're talking about . he has since taken down all his posts , but i saved all the screenshots if anyone is interested ."
0 "david is a huge fan of waffles and i like a good waffle every once in a while , so we were excited to try cast iron waffles . plus , we were excited about the fact that it 's small locally owned shop - we love to support local entrepreneurs . sadly , we were under - whelmed with the experience . maybe we caught them on a bad day , but our visit did not leave a positive impression in our minds . \n\nfirst off , as chad wrote , the place is tough to find . we had tried to find it once before and gave up . on this visit we actually found the place . parking is not plentiful but we were able to find a spot . ( as of this visit , there was not a big sign , now there is a big sign so you wo n't have as much trouble finding it as we did back when they first opened.)\n\nwe went inside and it is one of those places where you go up to the counter and place your order . you can order your waffle plain or with different sorts of toppings . i ordered mine with nutella , bananas and strawberries . ( which as it turns out was not a good choice since the waffles are very sweet on their own ... it probably would have been better to try it plain the first time . ) \n\nwe had heard that they had really good coffee , and since coffeeworks is now closed , we 've had a tough time finding a suitable replacement . we were hoping this place would be it , but on the day we were there , the coffee was nothing special . they had 2 selections brewed up and you serve yourself after placing your order at the counter . i think it had been sitting in the carafe a while because it was sort of lukewarm . \n\ni was excited to try the liege waffles and had read about them before trying this place out , so my expectations were high . but i found the waffle to be much too sweet -- more like dessert than breakfast . \n\ni wish we had checked out the menu online before going , because we were disappointed to discover that they only serve waffles , smoothies , and coffee or tea drinks . we had thought before coming that this was a full service restuarant where you could get a side of turkey bacon or eggs to go along with your waffle ( which i prefer to cut the sweetness and offer some balance ) . \n\nplus , we spent at least $ 15 for 2 deluxe waffles and 2 large coffees - ouch . we normally spend between $ 20 - $ 26 for 2 full breakfasts with coffee at other local establishments . \n\nwe ended up throwing out our waffles and heading over to the big view diner to have omelettes instead.\n\ni would consider trying the waffle again , but next time as a dessert or a sweet afternoon treat instead of breakfast ."
1 this is not rachel 's bake shop anymore . she as moved . read my review under palma riccobono 's .
1 "i try to be objective in any review i give ... as well as open minded with any review i read . i have to say some reviews just make no sense at all unless of course they were for a totally different place than where i was at the time of this review . we had a great time at the harvey american public house this past saturday .... the patio was full even after the rains have come through . the only thing i could say was that the crowd was not as a whole appreciating the band called the mods ... not that they were bad mind you , they were actually really good . it seemed that the music is just a background for socializing conversations . now about the food ... i had the prime rib which was fantastic .... this is the second time i visited this place and the hamburger i had then was tasty as well . our bartender was knowledgeable on most things we asked but made sure he found out from someone else if he did n't know . this place is open until 2 am 7 days a week . where else can you go in gilbert for a pint and a burger at 1 am ? this restaurant is owned by the people who own fibber magees irish pub in chandler .... good food , good staff .... and good atmosphere . i m not sure what others consider to be a good experience .... everyone has their own agenda when writing a review . i consider the people factor as well , not everyone is going to be at their best 100 % of the time . i am looking forward to many visits there as well as around the valley ... im out to support our local economy , one beer , one meal, .... one day at a time ! cheers !"
1 "a+ for seating at the bar during a busy las vegas lunch time . the bartender there gave us the best service , always attentive to filling drinks if needed and also even giving us hot towels after first squeezing lemon juice into our hands after digging into the succulent joe 's stone crabs.\n\ni had high expectations for this place after having it first from a previous trip to miami and this place did not disappoint . the service , decor , ambience were impeccable , and matched with the vegas setting . i ordered the lunch combination that included 5 medium sized claws , as well as cole slaw , potato hash and also the key lime pie for dessert . the hubs got a dry aged rib - eye sandwich with fries shaped like thick potato chips that were delicious . we left really full and satisfied and would definitely come back again ."
1 "had my first visit to the saucer a few weeks ago for a trivia night . beer selection is awesome and you 'll find the prices reasonable too ! menu is great and this cheesehead was very happy to see all the brat menu items , including the brat nachos i started with ! had the chicken cheesesteak for me meal and it was pretty good , though the meat to bread ratio favored the bread.\n\nas for trivia - they run a tight ship and it 's a blast ! the mc is really good and calls out all potential cheaters . love it ! i 'll be back again soon when i 'm in the university area ."
0 "i reviewed this restaurant as great with a good selection of well - cooked chinese and american dishes . that was true when i we dined there last june , but how things have changed . \n\nmy wife and i re - visited this restaurant last monday . before going , we called to be sure that they offered all - you - can - eat crab legs during the week . we were told \""yes.\""\n\nwhen we arrived most of the food on the buffet must have been placed there hours ago . fried shrimp as cold , as were several other dishes i tried . we tried to get crab legs , after a 30-minute wait a small plate of them were placed in the steam table for the restaurant to share . by the time we go to them , they were gone . \n\nwe spoke to the manager with hopes that she would correct the issues ... nothing happened . \nafter another 15-minute wait , we left , hungry , upset and down almost $ 30 . \nwhen paying our check the manager approached us and said \""sorry about that.\ "" so are we . we were optimistic for this restaurant , but they simply missed the mark ."
1 "very cool concept for a restaurant ! simple and traditional , which is an experience in of itself . a pre - set meal , it was nice not having to choose ! good value with soup , salad , steak and profiteroles for a reasonable price . everything was very good . nothing blow me away good . \n\nsteak was cooked well with a honey mustard - ish sauce on top . took a second to get used to it but it was very good . ambience made us feel we were in an authentic parisian place in montreal ."
0 "while the atmosphere , food , and drink were beyond expectations , the service left a lot to be desired . from the moment we walked in the door we were treated badly . the hostess was rude to us and then our waitress was also rude.\n\n there were several open tables , but service was slow . 30 minutes to get drinks when we had a clear view of them sitting on the bar . my friend politely told the waitress that she thought she had been given the wrong beer . her response was , \""no , that 's what you ordered!\ "" i have really never been treated like this anywhere in my life . \n\noverall , i do n't want to go back , but may give it a second chance . i do n't see this place making it past 1 year ."
1 "my girls and i stopped by society cafe for a quick snack before going to xs . the staff was friendly and the decor gorgeous . we were seated almost immediately and at first glance seemed a little upscale ( the waitstaff pulled out our chairs and then laid napkins in our laps ) , but the place was not pretentious at all . \n\nsince we were heading out to go dancing , we shared a few appetizers , which came out super fast and were artistically presented . we ordered calamari , flatbread , mac ' n cheese bites , and warm donut bites with delicious warm chocolate and caramel dipping sauces ! throw in some amazing strawberry mojitos and it was the perfect way to start out the night :)"
0 "they cut hair good but , they talk with each other and stop working , they stop in the middle of cutting hair to talk about god knows what , they order food while they are cutting hair , one guy walked in gave the barber money for football tickets and the bullshitted for a minute . my son is getting his haircut right now as i sit here and has been in the chair for over a half hour because the girl keeps gossiping , checking her phone laughing at the tv . you guys cut hair good but please just cut the damn hair"
0 "i hate their layout so much i avoid the store whenever i can . trips take at least twice as long because if you are like me and have a list , you will traverse the store 3x each for the last 4 items on your list , in the end either giving up or finding that cream of tartar between fruit of the loom and sauder furniture . the dairy is in the junior miss section.\n\nwhen i go , they have really good selection of lots of stuff , but their unique stuff rotates , so do nt count on them having kohlrabi or daikon or golden beets or whatever whenever . call ahead . they have a limited ( but very cheap overall ) seafood selection . like many wal - marts , they refuse to staff enough registers to get people checked out at a reasonable pace ."
1 "i think everyone already said what has to be said about this club:\n\n \""hottest club everrrr!\""\n \""2 thumbs up!\""\n \""beautiful!\""\n \""stunning!\""\n \""5 stars!\""\n \""sexy , glamorous , bootyful!\"".\n\n .. okay , we get it . this club is the shit!\n\ni spent a total of 6.5 hours at club xs in 1 night ( 9:30 - 4:00am ) 6.5 hours ! that 's almost 1 full day of work ! sheeesh!\n\ntell me , has anyone ever seen somebody fall in the pool!?\ntell me , what 's up with the 80 % techno music they play up in here.\ntell me girl , how did you fit that in those jeans!?\ntell me , why did jordan farmar of the los angeles lakers have to ask the pretty lady i was going to ask to dance to join him in his little vip area ! ? ! grrrrr!\n\noverall , a great clubbing experience in vegas !"
0 "boooo ! ! ! shop around on cd trade - ins . i was just offered only $ 31 on over 300 cd 's . same lot , bookman 's just gave me $ 80 in credit for 40 cd 's . f.y.e. also offer a better offer , $ 0.75-$1.00 per cd vs. zia offer of $ 0.10 a cd ."
1 "nice hotel connected to the venetian . we stayed at the venetian , but this one looks pretty nice as well . the restaurants and bars / lounges are plentiful and the location is great ."
0 "first of all , i am not much of a taco bell person . the only things they have that i like are their doritos taco and the mexican pizza . that 's the only reason i would give them two stars.\n\nwhat i came here for was to try the cantina bowl . i decided on steak and anticipating it to be good . not ! it is basically a knockoff of chipotle 's steak burrito bowl ! the steak itself was flavorless and it had the pre cooked taste to it , meaning all they had to do was heat it up . there was rice , beans , lettuce , and some kind of chipotle sauce ( kind of ironic since it was a ghetto imitation ) . immediately after this review i am going to contact taco bell to tell them to either make it better or quit making it and just stick to making the doritos taco . if they take the doritos taco away , then that will just erase another star on this review.\n\nservice was ok and the cleanliness of the place was decent as well . \n\nso if you are reading this and are thinking about getting the cantina bowl , do not get it unless you want to ruin your apetite ! i had to go to chipotle that night for dinner just to satisfy my steak bowl craving !"
0 "the service here on a saturday morning was ridiculously slow . we were seated and it then took 15 minutes for anyone to come and take our order . even then , the waitress only initially took our drinks orders until we summoned her back to take the food order as well . oddly enough , 15 minutes was just right to decide what we wanted.\n\nthe coffee kept coming reasonably regularly but the food took another 45 minutes to appear , which is just amazing . it 's diner food not gourmet a la carte . the food was n't bad though , although i would have liked my corned beef hash to be a bit bigger . it felt like someone was trying to dress it up as a fancy new style , when it should just have been served in the classic way.\n\ncan't really recommend this place but i can see the appeal of diner food 24 hours a day . if only they can improve the service ."
0 i am mad that ha had to give this place even 1 star . see the old reviews were pretty good then the newer reviews are mostly bad . this place changed ownership and the new management is rude . the food is nt the same . its very bad actually . i used to call in and order take out when i was in town about 2 - 3 times per week . i called right after they changed hands . the woman on the phone said she did nt know what i was talking about and hung up on me . i was confused . i went there and figured there was a miscommunication but it was all new staff . i ordered any way . the food was different . i was treated like i was not welcome . i thought i would complain to the new owner . i was dealing with the new owner all along ! dont go here . their food is nt fit for dogs and they have such bad attitudes .
1 "best dim sum i 've ever had in vegas ! i will have to make a point to come here on each vegas trip ! there is a line , but we got there just in time we did n't have to wait too long . they have all my favorite dim sum carts so i 'm not complaining there . all so tasty . did n't try anything off the menu but the dim sum won my heart so ... ca n't wait til next time , ping pang pong ! \n\nsuch a cute name . : ) \n\noh , service was okay . it 's chinese ( i 'm chinese ) so you know how it goes ."
1 "this place is ridonkulous . i do n't use the word \""ridonkulous\ "" often but this place deserves it!\nayce is phenomenal.\nwa salad is some incredible sashimi salad concoction that deserves it 's own platform to perform on . kid friendly yet posh looking on the inside.\nstanding ovation . i will be back . maybe even tomorrow.\n\nmoved down to 4 stars from 5 . this last trip back , the food was still good bit service not so much ."
0 wow ! what a response . i am so glad we are n't using these guys anymore . never never did they tell me they suspected this was a bite wound . i was told they thought she caught herself on something . my vet did not think it was a bite wound . it was a very clean long slice . wow . if it was a bite wound - i should have been told they thought that . oh my . the dog that was wounded is my alpha dog . the other dog is very docile and calm and has never never shown any aggression towards my others dogs and they 've been boarded together ( with another one of my dogs ) numerous times since then at a new place and never ever have there been any aggression issues . wow .
0 "desperation brought me here , not much else could bring me back.\n\npositives:\ncheap place right on the strip.\ndue to the interesting placement of our room i was able to park right outside my door in the garage.\n\nnegatives:\nthe place is just gross , dirty and crappy customer service ( not even worth what they charge).\ntrying to get to the room was an adventure , the staff did n't even know where it was , had to get across the main floor to the back , go up a couple flights cross over a floor then down a couple more flights of stairs ( no signs).\n\ni stayed there because surprisingly i could n't find another room for anything and was to tired to start looking off strip . ended up in this weird set of rooms down in the back in the garage . ac did n't work ( it was a home window unit ) , the faucet handle came off in my hand , the carpet i swear moved and so on . maybe their main rooms are n't as bad but i am not willing to give them another chance . i recommend just stay off the strip if you ca nt get a room on the strip due to time or budget . do nt waste your time on this place ."
0 "oh goodness where do i even start . the customer service was okay , but the food was really not that good . they had a lot of old items out at the buffet bar that looked like it had been sitting out for 3 to 4 hours . i 've been to my fair share of americanized chinese buffets , but this one was really americanized and when i mean americanized i mean it tasted so bad there was n't even a hint of authenticity was in there . most likely i will not be back . you would probably have to drag me . the only reason why i did give it 2 stars was because they had a pretty wide selection unfortunately they failed to deliver on the taste . my wife and kids did n't really care for it either and besides you really can not take the kids word for it . thank god for my wife 's cooking though and by the way she is asian and her food is awesome !"
1 "great new neighborhood bar in mt. washington ! \n\nthe summit is a dimly - lit ( a plus in my book ) bar that offers an oft - changing ( also good ! ) menu of craft cocktails . over the winter , my favorite of these was a spiked hot cider drink . these guys also make a damn good manhattan.\n\nif you 're looking for a decent selections of bourbons , whiskeys , and ryes , this is also your place.\n\nthey usually have some interesting beers and wines on the menu as well , and i was pleased one weekend to learn that they carry prosecco , too . yes , you can pop bottles.\n\nthere 's a shelf with games in case your group wants to play drunk jenga . \n\nthere are a few small tables with chairs , but i think the use of the space is good . there are soft - cushioned stools at the bar . \n\ni'm a big fan of the owners / men behind the bar , who are friendly and knowledgeable about their drinks . the usual bouncer is often reading an interesting book at his post.\n\nmy only complaint is the music : it 's usually loud hip hop . for a cool craft - cocktail place with dark atmosphere , the music seems off . it 's hard to hear people talk and it 's not like it 's a dance club ! but it may just be my personal preference ."
0 "first time i went to this location and i am never going back . i ordered two smoothies and one of them was n't filled all the way compared to the other one ( the other one was filled to the brim ) ! it was like ordering two sandwiches and receiving one sandwich with half a bun . i felt like i did not get my money 's worth as there was a 2.5-inch waste of volume they could have filled . also , i was careless enough to not check that they correctly stamped enough spots on the stamp card ( gives you a free item after the ninth stamp ) . they only gave me one stamp even though i ordered three items . my fault for not correcting them . however , i felt screwed over from just one visit . not coming back to this location . the one on 215 and jones is better ."
1 "we stop here every time we 're in town ! my fianc\u00e9 and i love the macaroni grilled cheese ( best idea ever ! ) and the daily specials are always creative and delicious . we have a 13 month old baby and they always pull out an abacus to keep him entertained - he also loves the 50 's music and the color - sorted vintage candy displays :) \nthe owner is always decked out in 50 's gear and is the sweetest , most welcoming chick ever . this place is a total gem in the arcadia area ."
1 "the holy grail of tacos ... believe the hype . this is the end all be all of my happiness for food . best tacos ever , hands down . the exterior of the restaurant is a little rough looking and is n't very visible from the road . also , i do wish the menu was more descriptive in regards to what the tacos were garnished with ect . our food came out quickly and the service was good . overall this was win and i ca n't wait to return . \n\nitems ordered:\n(tacos ) shrimp , chorizo , fish & crane asada \n\ncarne asada quesadilla with a side of rice and black beans ."
0 was not happy with service or facility .
0 "wow , this may be one of my first 2 star meals . probably because i was so pissed how terrible it was.\n\ni get it . late at night , with a rowdy crowd , drinks , ladies and guys , who really cares about the food ? so that 's why i 'm giving it 2 stars instead of one.\n\nthe chips and salsa were ordered ( it 's not free ) and it was n't bad . i liked the different salsas and the chips were fresh . \n\ni had steak tacos . i 'm not looking for the absolute in authenticity . when i saw the tacos arrive at the table i was a little bummed about flour tortillas for tacos . but i 'm game to have some flour tacos once in a while.\n\nit was your typical \""gringo\ "" taco . flour tortilla , iceberg lettuce , shredded cheddar , and meat . the meat had a good flavor , but was extremely fatty . there were pieces of fat that i was spitting out . \n\nfor the record , i 'm not a fat - o - phobe . give me pork bellies , pastrami , chinese spare ribs , beef short ribs , etc . i do n't run away and demand leanness . the meat could have been easily trimmed . the fat really did not have any place in these tacos . \n\nwhat bothered me the most ( and i 'm still thinking about it ) was that the taco without the meat tasted a lot like del taco / taco bell . i 'm not dramatic in my reviews , and i do n't pull the \""this place tasted like fast food\ "" card unless really deserving . i would even go as far to say that it was borderline \""grody\ "" . and i have n't used that word since i was 7.\n\nall in all , the ambiance and \""potential\ "" gave this place 2 stars . the prices were outrageous for what i got , even despite this being vegas . \n\nwith that being said , management could maybe try a little harder to make the tacos a little more memorable . perhaps a more rustic or hand made tortilla ( flour is still ok if you must ) and perhaps a sprinkle of cotija cheese . trim that fat off the meat and maybe add a nice thin slice of avocado inside the taco . maybe a little guajillo chile or chipotle flavor would add to the flavor profile . \n\nanyways , i see this place could be a lot of fun for drinks and having a good time , but i 'll pass on the food unless it 's for something that you absolutely ca n't mess up ( i think ) , like a quesadilla . but anything is possible ."
1 "i was referred to tc 's rib crib by a friend while i was on vacation in vegas ... loved every single minute in there ! ! i had the pulled chicken with greens and candied yams ... amazing ! ! and for dessert , i had the best ever -- glazed doughnut bread pudding .. it was soooo good ! ! everytime i 'm in vegas from here on out , i will definitely be stopping by tc 's ! !"
0 "the peppermill defies description . refined tackiness . utterly craptastic . could it be that a flamingo exploded in this place to give it the outragious pink hues?\n\nall kidding aside , the best thing about this restaurant is the decor . it screams cheesiness and vintage vegas , with its faux neon lights and the veritable faux forest . when was the last time you saw a deciduous tree in the middle of the desert ? i love the decor , and make sure that i always step into the lounge , open 24 hours a day , to see the fire and water fountain as well as the cocktail servers in the evening gowns split up to ... here.\n\nnow to the substance . peppermill is an institution . it has been around seeming forever , and had a scene from \""casino\ "" filmed there with sharon stone.\n\nthe food is average , at best . it is also overpriced . the place is best on its breakfast foods , in my humble opinion . the omelets are huge , but again , overpriced.\n\nthe appetizer sampler platter is good , but overpriced . oddly enough , the onion rings on the appetizer platter are different than the onion rings as a side item.\n\ni recommend this place for drinks in the lounge , and for breakfast on the weekends if you are staying on the strip . the place , while overpriced , is still cheaper than the buffet . and more fun.\n\nare you noticing a trend here ? i will hit you over the head with it one more time ... overpriced ."
0 "spoiler alert ! details of the show are in this review , if you do n't want to know what happens in blue man group stop reading now ! \n\nbut i 'm guessing that you 'll continue reading because like everyone else , nobody really has any idea what blue man group is about . you 're usually thinking , \""blue people ? music ? they do n't speak , or something?\ "" without actually seeing the show , the general details about this show are vague . \n\nthe show is ( for the purpose of trying to boil it down ) a comedy / music show . the three blue men are suppose to represent the internet or how social interaction works in this day in age , or are a representation of our personal insecurities . they all have their own silly mannerisms . and the audience feels safe laughing with them because they 're all very curious and act socially awkward . this is the style of comedy you sit through for almost 2 hours , but i can assure you it gets confusing and repetitive very quickly . \n\nthe acts in this show include eating captain crunch , eating twinkies , and eating marshmallows . these are 3 different scenes that each last at least 10 - 15 minutes a piece . they eat these things while being socially awkward with one another . i swear to god , that 's it . additionally , there is a scene where they show you signs with words on them- and you read them until somebody walks into the auditorium late , at which point they bust those people out with a spotlight and putting them on the big screen . its just a lot of cheap laughs for a majority of the show . \n\nthere is also a lot of drumming , which takes a certain amount of talent to do ... but i 'm really reaching to compliment the show when i say that . they drum , and they drum , they hit a few pvc pipes and drum some more . it 's kinda ' neat ' when they drum over the paint and the paint splashes around , but this is literally all they do they entire show . \n\nthe highlight of the show comes during the grand finale , when the blue men pull toilet paper over the audience . the audience is literally entirely covered with toilet paper- but again i can only use the word ' neat ' to describe this . it 's an exciting rush for about 2 minutes , after sitting through 2 hours of watching them eat food and drumming . \n\ni paid $ 55 for my ticket via travelzoo , and when i left i felt like i wasted my time ... if you do see this show , know that there is no bad seat in the house , and that the poncho zone does n't get very wet at all ... at the show i went to , the audience was n't really into it and everyone seemed confused ... there was probably a time when blue man group was the hottest show in vegas , but i think it 's time is up ... maybe i 'm just out of touch , but this style of comedy / music show just was n't for me =/"
1 "i had the alaskan king crab legs , mac cheese , spinach , & onion rings . everything was delicious ! best onion rings i 've ever had - with a hot sauce that was perfect with them . the crab legs came with butter that was warmed by an underneath flame . \n\nthe waiter was attentive . however , the man who brought the wine brought the wrong kind instead of just telling us the one we wanted was no longer available & offering comparable options ."
0 "meh ... average pizza to me . ordered a slice of cheese , and nothing special could have went to sbarros for the same thing . ca n't say anything about the other food items but i would expect the same quality . \n\nstaff was somewhat welcoming , after our order was completed they all huddled to the back and conversed amongst each other . gentleman who served me warned me that the pizza was hot , but it was barely warm . \n\ndrink prices are outrageous for the sizes , and the tea machine did n't even function . just poured water out . also , there are no prices posted of anything , besides the drinks . \n\nall in all , the likely hood of me eating here would be either it 's the only place open at the time , someone else is buying , or i 'm drunk and any pizza sounds good ."
1 "eh , so honestly this is between a 3 and a 4 , but i decided to round up because it 's friday and i 'm in a nice mood . to preface this , i was there for a work dinner so while i did look at prices , i was n't price sensitive.\n\ndrinks : freaking awesome . interesting ingredients , well prepared , pretty , etc . at $ 15 a pop they better be!\nrolls : i do n't get all the hype here .. i 'm a carb addict and these were just ok to me . i 'd rate the ones at cut much better.\nappetizers : calamari was very tasty . pork rolls were just kinda eh , and crab cake ( on special ) was nothing great . i also got the sashimi trio and this was my fav dish of the night . tuna , hamachi , and salmon all marinated and cubed with different little textured breads in them . yum , i was quite impressed . a decent portion ... for an appetizer ( $ 13 ) i think 2 could share it comfortably . \nentree : i had the much raved about salmon .. while it was good , i was n't thinking omg this is the best salmon ever . everyone seemed happy with their entrees , but no one was raving about them . \ndessert : those donut ball thingys are off the hook . if anyone loved them , i recommend you also try the beignets at bouchon .. nearly as good , and bigger sized!\n\nservice was excellent , and atmosphere was nice . i loved the open kitchen .. for some reason i find those fun and interesting to stare at . i think the service / open kitchen is why i 'm giving it the half star roundup !"
1 "my wife and i had dinner at hugo 's celler on tuesday 6 - 4 - 13 . this is the fifth time in seven years that we ate here . i found this place strickly by accident in 2006 . i call it our hidden gem!\nthe service is outstanding . although the waiters are in tux 's , you can wear casual clothing there . the food is excellent , the drinks are generously poured and the steak selection is great.\ni look forward to coming back to hugo 's again . the prices are also very reasonable for the quality and quanity of the food . make sure you tip at least 20% ... the food and service is well worth it ."
0 "my daughter and i decided to try shiki one night since we recently moved to the other side of town and could n't seem to find a japanese steakhouse close to where we live . the place was small , dark and not what i expected it to be . \n\nthe food was just okay , not all that great and service was kind of slow . i see there 's a lot of good reviews on this place but i 've been to many japanese steakhouses and this one just did n't cut it for me ."
1 love this place . fish sandwiches are great . visiting pittsburgh for the month and went there for the first time yesterday and am going to go back today ! ! !
0 "some of the reviews seem dated and it appears the show may have changed up a little since changing venues over the past few years . i just stopped in this week at the sakes theater in planet hollywood ( a bit of a trek past the v theater ) . it was a 4 pm show and it was not very crowded . theater is small but at least a ga ticket seat still was pretty decent.\n\nfull disclosure - i did get in at a discounted price so ca n't complain too much . still , the review is based on the show , regardless of price paid . since i had a ga ticket , i waited in the long line around the corner as other reviewers had mentioned . it did nt really bother me as the line was not all that long . i also did not see any pre - show like some reviewers mentioned . the first thing i saw upon entering ( and getting my photo taken ) was the agt video clip from nathan 's days on agt . my comment has less to do with showing the video clip but the poor quality of the video and the screen that is way up near the rafters . it is a small screen and the quality looked like a film clip from the 50 's . really in this day and age with a 16:9 aspect ratio , ultra4hd quality video , that first impression was an omen of things to come . the sound was bad , the video horrendous and quite frankly seeing the hoff and brandy as judges just reminds us how long ago that he was on the show . plus when you consider that the magicians / illusionist on the most recent season blows away nathan 's act , well ... \n\nthe tricks alluded in other reviews like the disappearing acts are accurate . not too impressive . music makes it up tempo so i did nt fall asleep but it does nt mean i was wow'ed . in fact that is what i would categorize the show -- it is missing any kind of \""wow factor\ "" . he also did the typical prediction in the locked box trick that copperfield does as well . i was n't impressed with that either . i wish all magicians would just get rid of that old and dated trick.\n\nthe show also included the comedian with the masks tricks and making them do these embarrassing things and popping a balloon . again not a magic show and it does kill alot of time along with the upfront video so yeah , this show does nt come close to an hour long.\n\nyou are handed a card at the end of the show to review them on tripadvisor but i wonder if nathan or anyone else takes these comments constructively and make appropriate changes to make the show better . with the discounted tickets and small audiences i wonder how much longer this show can last . moving from theater to theater is already indicative that it has no staying power . if you can get a cheap ticket and need time to kill , take a chance but do nt expect to be wow'd . not the worse but definitely could be improved . i will check back to see if future reviewers indicate whether the show has changed for the better ."
0 8 bucks and change for 4 mediocre bagels and some disgusting strawberry cream cheese .. no thanks .. not again
0 "the food is ok though i waited 25 minutes for a salad during lunch and the restaurant was almost empty . the customer service is non existent . recently fell in the restaurant due to food on the floor . the manager laughed . the owner promised me her insurance company would contact me and that she would send me a gift certificate . she did nothing . never called me back , never contacted me . shame on them . don't go ."
0 "what a rip - off!!!\nbought a bottle of kraken rum , paid $ 10 too much . $ 28.99 for 750ml whereas one can buy it for $ 18.99 at the wal - mart on eastern avenue next to the airport.\nlesson learned !"
0 the price is not worth the quality . when you pay $ 8.00 min for a plate dim sum you expect a lot more than what i got . the food was mediocre at best . and what is up with charging $ 7.5 per person for tea ? wtf ! ! ! ! !
0 "dont book a room here . this place is disgusting , stains on the sheets , dirty bathroom , the floor in the room is stained and extremely dirty ... just do n't stay here ! ! ! ! ! !"
0 "we had a meal ticket and so we had a separate menu from the original , everything though were just burgers and pastas . \n\nmy guy ordered the chili burger and i , the clear sauce pasta . \nour order came out at an efficient time , and he enjoyed his chili burger but really should be called a hamburger with a hint of chili because there were hardly and chili inside ! do n't be stingy with your chili ! ! \n\nmy pasta was mediocre , too much oil if you asked me but not terrible ! \nwe both got the ice tea and it was suppose to be unlimited drinks , but when i asked for a cup of coffee she denied me of my drink ! ? \n\nthan our dessert of ice cream , which literally took almost 40 minutes to get to us , not to happy that a simple ice cream took thatttt long ! \n\ni think our server was new at her job , she seemed to threw in randomly said to us when she handed us our checks \ "" you keep out of trouble?\ "" we chuckle in awkwardness and mumbled to each other \""umm why did she even say that?\ "" \nbeing that we did n't even really chatted the whole time when she was bringing us our food ... maybe just to throw something in there for a fatter tip ? i do n't know ?"
1 "i have never stayed here , but when i lived in scottsdale , i spent a lot of saturday nights here . talk about tranquil , beautiful , relaxing ........ i've had drinks , i 've sung karaoke , i 've listened to some great music , i 've taken gondola rides and been serenaded only in italian by the gondolier 's operatically trained voices , i 've eaten dinner at their wonderful restaurant . i 've sat outdoors with the paradise - like vegetation , i 've walked by their sandy beach area and the wading pool . i just love this place . maybe someday i 'll even stay here ."
0 "we missed the dim sum . so we just ordered separate dishes to share . they did n't have cake noodles . but the crispy noodles were close enough . i say that was the best of all the dishes . on a 10-best scale , it was a 6 - 1/2 . the second best thing we tried was the salt / pepper fried pork chops . but , there 's definitely better at other restaurants in town . never ordering the orange chicken and mayo walnut shrimp ever again .... sure , the venue was convenient to my home . but , i would 've been much more satisfied making a 30 - 40 minute round - trip commute to any other restaurant on spring mountain , or to diamond china ."
0 ok strike 2 . we decided to go back to c4 after a 2 month absence due to poor service . popular place so we definitely wanted to give them another chance . \n\nwell this morning the dining room door was locked not sure if they are serving in the dining area any more so we went to the cafe area . it was crowded ( a good sign ) ? after nearly 5 minutes in line i saw a woman and her child leave as the place was under staffed and the wait went on and on . with no end near we decided to bail and give c4 a strike 2 . \n\nit 's unfortunate as the food has always been good but someone get chef ramsay to come in and give them the 101 on service . \n\nwe will wait a few months before trying again . i 'd much rather go to harold 's or red truck cafe in the interm .
1 what can i say ! ? it 's starbucks ....
1 i 'd recommend this fish store if you are buying a whole salmon to poach:\nhttp://jitterycook.com/2011/11/29/poached - salmon - salad - sandwich - with - sauce - verte/\n\nor for their amazing smoked salmon that i 've featured many times at www.jitterycook.com\n\nthey do have the best smoked salmon imaginable . silky smooth . and you are offered a sample as you wait your turn in line .
0 "not sure what all the hoopla is about this pizza , it all tastes bland to me . does n't matter if you get the mac and cheese pie or a roasted red pepper and feta pie , the crust is so bland and the sauce / cheese lacks any flavor at all.\n\n\nsalad bar is 5 stars btw"
0 "in a word ... grody.\n\nthe second i walked in the door i was lambasted by a serious stank . it smelled like sewage and industrial cleaners . i should have done an about face at this time but i foolishly pressed on.\n\ni ordered the red devil white calzone , which was advertised as mozzarella , olive oil , fresh roma tomatoes and garlic . the mozzarella was over abundant and flavorless , the tomatoes were mealy , underripe and were decidedly not romas ( likely beefsteak or mountain pride ) . the garlic was nearly raw and jammed into the calzone by the fistfull . \n\ni'm not a restaurateur but in my estimation the two most oft repeated sins of italian restaurants is to not make their mozzarella in house and to overload every dish with garlic . mozzarella is easy and inexpensive to make and i love garlic but there is definitely such a thing as too much.\n\ni will not be returning to this location . however it should be noted that i ate at the pinetop location last year and both the food and the ambiance were excellent ."
0 "seriously has to be the worse cable company in the nation . i have family all over the country and cox communications is horrid . the service is spotty and the connection is never stable . i do n't know why anyone would want to voluntarily keep this company as a provider . they charge 20 dollars over the next provider ( century link ) and i changed to century link and the service is flawless ! ! ! not one dropped connection ! ! been with them 3 months now . in three months i lost connection with cox communications over 2 dozen times . i 'm tired of * buying new equipment to meet the high speed standard every 3 months * or buying \""faulty equipment\ "" according to my old cox rep . you know what u guys are criminals trying to make a killing , offering substandard service and unreliable customer relations . you are overcharging everyone and you are careless to your customers . i hope you go bankrupt ! ! !"
1 "this is my favorite place for cupcakes . they have a great selection of vegan / gluten free cupcakes , and you ca n't even tell they are not \""regular\ "" cupcakes . i highly recommend stopping in and giving them a try ! a good place if you are more of a \""cake\ "" person than a \""frosting\ "" person . super friendly staff ."
0 "tonight was my third experience at the haze and it was horrible ! the last two times i went i ordered at the counter , which i really liked . now there are servers . even worse was the menu ... before there was the eastern versus western bbq or a mixture of both .. now there are n't as many options and you ca n't choose which bbq you want with each meat selection , which was extremely disappointing ! ! ! so once i was moving on from these disappointments my food came and i was just pissed at that point . i ordered chicken with their dry rub and when it came out it looked unappetizing ! it was dry and i could only taste rosemary , which completely does n't fit with the bbq theme ! i tried all 4 bbq sauces and did n't like any of them , especially disliked the vinegar sauce ! \noverall it is the worst food i have eaten at a madison restaurant in years ! not sure why management changed everything but they completely lost my business ! do n't waste your money !"
1 "compare to the rest of the nordy rack stores , this one by far has no good items . could n't find anything good here ."
1 bomboba is the bomb simply put .. the thai tea blended is my fave i ve had it many times . although it does depend on who makes the drink for maximum goodness . plus the frequent bomboba drinker punch cards are an awesome incentive . look forward to trying somethin new soon ..
0 "arrived at 12:48pm sat in the bar which is usually where we eat at macaronis no service for ten minutes with only one other table in bar so moved to regular dining room , immediately got seated and took our drink order , asked if we would like some bread . she returned 5 minutes later with wine and water we never did see the bread . there were only 4 tables in restaurant and 2 servers so you would think service would be excellent ...... well 40 minutes later she brings the salads to our table and then 4 minutes after that the main entr\u00e9e , so we did n't have time to eat our salad , food was good and when we finally got the bread it was not fresh at all . this is the second time we have had this experience at this restaurant and it will be the last . this place needs some new management ."
1 "i was in lv visiting from vancouver canada . they came highly recommended from a staff member from the vape shop i visit back home . these guys were awesome . joey hooked me up and let me take my time trying out some mods . i left with a beautiful penny mod ( hits like a train ) . ca n't say enough about how great joey was . he really knows his stuff and their house juices are incredible . \n\ni will be making this my go - to stop for everything vaping related when i 'm in town . if you live in vegas you should make this your spot . visiting from out of town ? this place is a one stop shop . awesome selection of high end mods and fantastic selection of drip tips , juices and accessories . \n\nthank you ! ! ! !"
1 "ca n't wait to go back - great food and friendly service . it is also fun to watch the planes take off , but will go back for the great food at a reasonable price ."
0 "i do not know what the others are talking about , but we made the 30 minute drive to this place ; what a letdown after all the hype.\nfurniture overpriced and there is a significant lack of products to look at ; more like an outhouse as to space than a warehouse ."
0 a claim to the better business bureau was never answered . repeated phone calls to management were never returned . this company shopuld be banned from advertising in national magazines and dispensing prescription eyewear .
1 "do n't come here unless you love chocolate , and/or bacon , and are a total glutton . check and check for me . seriously , this place is so good i tried to kill myself by overindulging and consuming everything within my reach . the mac&cheese , best i have ever had . the hot chocolate , best i have ever had . the dessert / chocolate pizza , the first i have ever had ... and thus the best i have ever had . this place is pure decadence . \n\nmy only tip : wear stretchy pants ."
0 "my work team decided this was going to be our lunch spot for our monthly outing and to also celebrate my birthday . unfortunately , we ended up walking out without any service . it was 7 of us and we received the worst welcoming ever ! apparently , they are not hard up for business because they can deny 7 people for business . they wanted to sit all 7 of us on a small table . we had moved a table to accomodate us and a waiter came around to tell us that 6 people normally fit and at a single table and to just pull a chair over . keep in mind that we are not super models . there are guys who work out and ladies who eat healthy . he was not budging on the fact that we were comfortable with the extra small table we pulled and continued to ask that we squeeze all in . the place was damn near empty but he said , \""we could get busy and might need that table\ "" . so we said buh bye !"
0 "service sucks , food bland , too many waiters around asking if you needed anything . sometimes too much of a good thing , is n't good ."
0 "we communicated our issue , and was told by the greeter that it could be resolved . we waited two hours for a service representative . when finally served she told us , in fact , our issue could not be resolved . in addition , they did not have a product in stock , sending us to another location with an hour wait . poor , poor customer service ."
0 "never again will i order from this place again ! i called to order and asked about a dish and was told to \""go online and look at it\ "" because they 're \""too busy\ "" to tell me over the phone . ( 1st red flag)\n\ni then went online ... looked up my order & called back only to the same guy who was very rude from the get - go . fyi to the owners ... sometimes it not what you say but how you say it . so then i hang up & remember i want to pay with my debit card and called back was given attitude again about not giving it to them the first time . from then i decided i will not be giving my hard earned money to a restaurant that does n't care about how they treat their customers . \n\ni usually do n't have to leave bad reviews but i will be telling everyone i know about my experience with rainbow garden in urbana ! i will stick to lai lai 's from now on.\n\nget a nicer person to answer your phones !"
0 "i really wanted to like this place but after two tries i will not be back . one , very overpriced . two , i could look past the price if the food was good . tried the ribs the first time and was sad at the quality . the second time , tried some sandwiches and still disappointed in the quality and price . i 've found that it is hard to find a good place to eat in madison . been here a few months and have found only a couple of good places ."
0 "not sure why this place has such great reviews . i am surprised . i think its an ok sandwich spot . it does the trick , but nothing outstanding ."
1 "i found the office to be quite lovely , up - to - date and \""new.\ "" the staff , all the way from the front desk to the hygienist to dr. vander schaaf to be very personable and friendly . my teeth are very sensitive and i was quite nervous for my first in office teeth whitening . my teeth really hurt after whitening with over - the - counter that i get at the store , and was therefore pleasantly surprised at how painless it was . be prepared for it to take two hours , but well worth the time spent . very reasonably priced and just a lovely staff . would definitely recommend this office ."
0 "i was craving macaroni and cheese one day and a friend recommended this place . i was n't impressed on my first visit , but decided to give it another try . the macaroni and cheese was creamy , but very bland . i think the noodles were a bit over cooked as well . since the mac & cheese is only a side dish , i ordered a waffle with it . the waffle was thin ( not belgian ) , dry , and bland . the syrup made it edible , but i still would n't recommend it . i ordered some of the blue kool - aide & they must have added a lot of extra sugar to their mix . it was the sweetest kool - aide i 've ever tasted before ! this could be a good or bad thing depending on how you like your kool - aide . the service was a little better this visit , but i have had my fill of lolo 's and will not be back !"
1 "classy place , good food & drinks ."
1 best haircut of my life ! the highlights were great too . ask for jennifer d. ca n't wait to go back .
0 "it took me more than 20 minutes to get my single to - go order at this location . on a thursday night when there was hardly anyone there this was ridiculous . the food was ok , i 've had better hawaiian bbq in the valley for less money . at almost ten dollars for the whole meal , it was not worth the money . fortunately they do have a smaller , less expensive portion that would fill most people up for lunch ."
0 "what can i say , trams has spoiled me . this place was average . i got the seafood pho ... imitation crab meat , just 2 shrimp , rubber squid ... also got the quail and there is way more meat on my girlfriends ass . to say the least , do nt waste your time , just go to trams"
1 awesome coffee ! great friendly manager and staff ! indoor and outdoor seating with great delectable delights ! love the art paintings too ! ! !
0 "this is the worst b&n i have ever been to . the staff was horrible . they were rude and very unhelpful . when i went to pay for my books the old lady behind the register through down what she was doing and rolled her eyes and continued to be nasty . also , shaun ( customer \""service\ "" attendant ) had no clue what he was talking about and was completely worthless at helping me with the simple question i had.\n\ni always love going to a b&n and have never had a poor experience , so i was astonished with how terrible this service was at this store . for now on i will have to go to the location on maryland if i want to shop at b&n and that is really out of my way ."
1 we absolutely loved our cheese steaks ! only problem was it took a very long time to get them .
1 "rayner 's first came on my radar a couple of years ago thanks to mentions by friends . i 've become a real fan once i tried it . it 's hard to decide my favorite food offering there : pastries ? handmade chocolates ? delicious lattes ? outstanding soups ? tasty sandwiches ? i must face it , i love them all !"
0 "i sampled a number of dishes including shrimp cocktail , a spinach salad with goat cheese , skirt steak , chinese broccoli , sweet potato mash , a bbq rib , and 3 desserts . everything was fresh looking , but each dish seemed to be aimed at not offending rather than titillating one 's taste buds.\n\na rating of 2.5 would be appropriate ."
1 "just as i said in my review in february , i returned and had the insaladda della casa then the complimenti alla mamma pizza . just like before , everything was excellent and i would order it again . i just wish i remembered to read my earlier review before returning so i would be sure to order something different . all the pizzas sound good and i want to try each one . the service was very good . our waitress did n't seem to mind that we kept wanting to sample wine before we bought a bottle . their wine selection , by the way , is very good and reasonably priced . finally , i must add that sitting inside can be a bit noisy when it is crowded . temperature permitting , the patio is a better place to sit , eat and chat ."
1 pay the extra for the vip seats . we sat in the fourth row and had that up close experience . you also get the programs for free with the vip . the drinks are expensive but good and they come in a p&t cup . the show is not for those wanting cheap and cheesy las vegas magic . the show is intelligent with a touch of politics and social commentary added in . getting photos and autographs after is amazing .
1 "i just received a tattoo from chris yesterday evening , and i 'd say that it was a good experience overall ( as good as getting a needle with ink drilled into your body can be , that is ! ) . \n\nthe shop is beautiful- super clean , nice , comfortable . although i initially stopped by without an appointment , one thing that i really appreciated was that i was immediately acknowledged as soon as i walked in the door . this is something that does n't always happen at tattoo shops , so it meant a lot to me . i was actually coming to see if i could meet with serene , but she was out to lunch , so i browsed through the other artists ' books while i waited . it turned out that serene is fully booked for several months , but since the first piece i wanted was relatively small and straightforward , she walked me down to chris.\n\none other thing that was great about this shop is that each of the artists have individual rooms -- with doors ! ! so , if you 're getting a tattoo in a sensitive area , or just do n't want every passer - by to see what you 're doing , you can have some privacy.\n\nchris was very nice , and able to schedule me for the next afternoon . he sent me a text asking if we could push back the appointment a couple of hours . the ocd side of me flinched , but it ended up being fine . he was running a bit behind , but was able to start drawing my piece and get going without too long of a delay after i arrived . we went through a couple of drafts , and sizes , and he was super patient with me and not at all bothered when i wanted something changed . i really felt like he wanted me to be pleased with the finished product- especially since it is permanent!\n\ni still will be back for my bigger piece with serene , but i 'm pretty sure i 'll be back to get another piece from chris ! ( and they take credit cards ! ) . i felt that pricing was very fair- not overpriced like some shops can be ."
1 "best indian food in charlotte . i used to go to copper all the time but now i usually drive to ballantyne if i want indian because blue taj is just awesome . you seriously ca n't beat the value of the lunch deal . soup / salad , curry dish , naan , and a side of spiced potatoes and rice , all for about $ 11 - 12 . i just love the richness and depth of flavor in the curries . give it a try ."
1 "lu lu 's has very affordable and very tasty food that always leaves me stuffed . the service is good , but parking is a pain . a nice bonus is that nearly all entr\u00e9es can be made vegetarian ."
0 "i needed my hair styled for my sorority formal . i thought going to a teaching salon would be a cheaper and less time consuming alternative than driving home to see my hair dresser . the student i was assigned was running late so i had to wait about 15 minutes until someone was available . i took a picture of exactly what i wanted . she asked several questions an i showed her exactly where i wanted the bun and told her i wanted a lot of volume . the first time she finished my hair i asked is she could change a few things and she ended up redoing it . the second time she could tell i still was n't happy . she said she did n't know how to fix it and asked me what she should do . her supervisor came over and messed with my hair a little but i was still unhappy . i paid , went to my car , cried , and took a picture . i sent the picture to my friends and family . they said i should do it myself and that i should n't have paid for the horrible work the student did !"
1 "i found this place on yelp the other day when i was on a mission to find a place that does those cute little designs on top of their drinks .. haha lame i know . but i came across cartel coffee lab and had to check it out because of the stellar reviews!\n\nwhen i was ordering , i said i wanted a drink with the coolest design and the cashier kindly explained to me that although the designs are cool , that cartels main focus and goal is really on the taste of their coffee and how its made etc .. she recommended a cappuccino for me.\n\nof course i received a lovely design on my drink , but she was right about the taste ! it was so delicious . i 've really only had starbucks coffee and the occasional dutch bros , but this place is really exceptional . best coffee ever.\n\ni swear i 'd be here every day for my coffee fix if they had a drive thru ! ! lol :)"
0 "service was prompt and friendly . unfortunately the food was barely mediocre . i had the clams in white wine and garlic sauce and although the sauce was palatable , the clams were chewy and tasteless . we also had the spaghetti with meat sauce , which was very typical and hamburger - y . definitely feel like we could have had much better italian food in the area for the same price . shame ."
0 "i 'm so disappointed . \ni'm in champaign visiting my sister , and a friend of ours recommended we go to destihl . he touted it as a gift from the gods . like so good hat he went there for lunch and dinner one day and then came back for brunch the next morning . after looking at the menu , how could i resist??\nso we went today for a late lunch ( around 2:30 ) and found the place pretty much deserted . there were some people working in the bar who made eye contact with us but did n't come up to the host stand to seat us . so we waited . and waited . and finally a hostess came and brought us to a cavernous booth in the bar . where we waited . and waited . and listened to awful terrible music ( read : dave matthews band)\na female server came to get our drink orders and informed us that michael would be our server . ok , so the do team service , i 'm on board with that . but michael did n't come with our drinks . someone dressed like a manager did . and michael did n't take our food order . a woman who we later learned was a manager did . i think michael maybe refilled our drinks ? the first manager looking guy dropped off our apps . here 's the skinny on what we had:\nbeer battered bacon : this is worth a star . it was greasy but oddly delicious . \nbrussels sprouts : flavor was good but they were still pretty hard in the middle . \nbacon egg and cheese deviled eggs : nothing to write home about . they were small and pretty smoky tasting . \n for entrees , i ordered the fried egg blt and my sister ordered the bison burger . my blt was fine . again , nothing to write home about . there was some sort of mustardy vinaigrette on the greens that was overpowering . and the egg could have been runnier . but another star goes to the fries which were hot and crispy and delicious . \nmy sister ordered her burger medium and it came out completely well done . like \""we think this bison is dead but let 's burn it at the stake just to make sure it 's really really dead.\ "" she decided to send it back and so we waited . and waited . and a brand new server ( still not michael ) came by to check on us . she went back to the kitchen to have them make a new burger and left the old one so my sis could nibble on the fries . her friendly attitude and apologies would have garnered another star , but i was so put off when she came back to tell us that her manager wanted to let us know that she put the order in correctly and that the cooks are the ones who screwed up . umm ... why would n't the manager come over herself to apologize ? or at least to check on us after the replacement came ? and also , it is so not cool to throw your kitchen staff under the bus like that . \nall in all , destihl has good bacon , inattentive staff , poor leadership , and too much desire to be \""cool.\ "" and where is michael ? my receipt says he was my server but i do n't even know if i saw him , and i fear my tip went to someone who did n't do any work ! i wo n't be back ."
0 i would n't recommend this place at all . i can make a better looking plate than these guys . i will not be going there anymore .
1 i enjoy the barbershop atmosphere . they are unique . this one is no different . it has it 's own character . unfortunately it 's a person on his cellphone . outside of that the conversation is good . we joke around with each other and have to catch up on our day to day each time i go . now if your pretentious then perhaps you should stick with the chain cutters . that way i do n't have to wait for you in line .
1 "we live in south chandler but decided to make the drive because i was craving pie and the reviews were so good . we arrived 5 pm on sat night and they close at 6 pm . needless to say most of the pies were gone because they are awesome ! you can call ahead and reserve your pie which is what i will do next time . we snagged the last chocolate cream ( very good ) and apple pie though . \nwe also ate dinner here . i had 1/2 sandwich ( chicken salad ) and soup ( broccoli cheese ) and it was delicious . wife and kid had soup and a large roll each . drinks are only $ 1 . in fact we all ate and got 2 pies for $ 21 . i felt guilty , i could n't make the stuff for that price . \nwe sat there and met one of the owners ( annette ) she was so nice ! my daughter played with her grandkids while we finished eating . \noverall a great experience . seems like very nice couple that own the place . a new business with bargain prices and great food . definitely worth a visit ! ! ! !"
1 "any bar / restauraunt that closes at 2 am with a kitchen that closes at 1 am should always deserve a closer look . crazy drink specials throughout the nite ( 3 to 6 pm and 10 to close ) which entails half off everything , the mellow mushroom has much to offer . the food consits of mostly pizza , calzones , and hoagie 's . and as for the drinks , its a full bar . enthusiastic bartenders , a pelethora of flat screens , trivia books , and of course alcohol will keep you entertained throughout your stay . as for the food , the house calzone is a good size at an average at most price but , none the less cheezy and pretty good . i can not comment on the pizza due to this is my first visit . altogether i enjoyed my visit and look foward to more ...."
1 "quaint store . very very friendly . clean . mist spray if you choose to sit outside . the aroma of coffee when you enter is pleasant and not overwhelming . \nso i finally strayed from my norm of strawberries and cream . i tried the orange mango smoothies . wonderful ! you could taste the banana , the orange and the mango . simply mouth pleasing ! i absolutely will have this again.\ni have always enjoyed the variety of flavors of coffee , now i have found other flavors !"
1 this denny 's is not your mother 's denny 's . great bar and a fun place to go downtown las vegas . the beer was great and the specials were tasty .
0 lunch specials looked good but orange chicken was 75 % batter . maybe 2 ounces of meat . egg drop soup tasteless . the staff was very cold and not friendly . food was just okay .
1 "* * * short version***\n\nthe wagyu rib cap was the best steak i 've ever had . and the service was excellent . our server , katy , made the dinner a complete 5-star experience.\n\n***long version***\n\nas i walked in i asked our server if i could finish my can of beer at the table . \""sure\ "" , katy said flashing a smile . yeah , i 'm cheap and i hate spending money on expensive steaks and drinks . i was set to order one of the cheapest things on the menu ( kobe burger at $ 20 ) , when i mentioned to her that i 've been disappointed every time i ordered a $ 30 + steak . she replied that their rib cap was the best steak she 's ever had . she tried to explain what a rib cap was , but her friendliness was so disarming that i ordered it without fully understanding where on the cow the meat was coming from . i normally like medium , but i know medium - rare should be the way to go . she suggested something in between : medium - rare plus . i doubted her cooks ' skills but she assured me that their temperature control was outstanding.\n\nwhat 's a rib cap ? i had to look it up when i got home . on a chunk of roast there 's the familiar rib - eye loin and then that layer of fat along the top . when you cut away the eye , there 's quite a bit of meat still attached to the fat . that 's the rib - cap.\n\nout came the meat , and i immediately cut into it . it was n't running blood , but it was still full of that that happy pink center you expect from a gently - cooked steak . ( medium - rare plus ! ) after a vigorous discussion with my tablemates we settled on a description of the rib - cap : the robust flavor of the rib - eye , the tenderness of a filet , and the mouth - melting fat of pork belly . a trifecta worth the $ 60 . the sides were awesome , but i could n't stop loving each bite of my steak.\n\nkaty checked in , and i was impressed that the product delivered . she noticed my can of pale ale was out , and suggested i try an ipa . wine just would n't do with this steak , and i got the feeling that katy was a beer kinda girl . i mentioned to the server extraordinaire , that the only problem i had with the rib - cap was after the first bite and subsequent beefy fatness melted and coated your mouth , the excitement of the next bite was slightly diminished . \n\nkaty went back to the kitchen and brought out a small serving of coconut sorbet as a kind of intermezzo , palate cleanser . so my last bite was just like my first ."
1 "i 'm here with my husband at least once a week . the variety of frozen yogurt is fine , but it does n't change often , but the toppings are out of control ! i ca n't think of a single topping i 'd like that they do n't have . a wonderland of syrups and sprinkles and mashed up cookies and candies . so good ! the interior is usually pretty clean and cute cartoons play from large screens inside . also , if you check in on yelp , you get a 25 % discount . so cool ! ! !"
0 "do n't wasted your time here , we got bottles services and was waiting 2hrs in their reservation line . finally left and went to taos"
1 the individuals at fastmed are wonderful . i made an appointment using there appt . app got in quickly . thanks for caring
1 followed yelp reviews to yama on our most recent trip out from la . \n\nsolid ! thoroughly enjoyed our first experience here . arrived at 530 . waited 20 min . finished by 7 . line was about 40 people deep ! \n\nmost of the fish was fresh . only the halibut tasted a bit fishy . uni was a tad gooey but tasted fine . \n\nwe'll be back for sure !
0 "we came in with a party of 12 for a birthday . the server messed up our meal which was supposed to be a shrimp dish with white cream sauce . the sauce tasted like it came straight from a can and we had to eat it after everybody else in our party was already finished with their meal.\n\nvery disappointed!\n\nwe wo n't come back anytime soon . this restaurant was great for years , but not anymore ."
